The balcony is on the east side of the house. To the west are the living room and common room 1, and house exterior to the north, east, and south. It is about 5 feet wide by 26 feet long. Bathroom 1 is on the west side of the house. To the north is the kitchen, to the east is the living room hallway, to the south is common room 2, and to the west is house exterior. It is about 7 feet wide by 5 feet long. Bathroom 2 is central to the house and situated in the northeast corner of the master. To the north is common room 1, to the east is house exterior, and the master to the south and west. It is about 9 feet wide by 5 feet long. Common room 1 is central to the house. To the north is the living room, to the east is the balcony, to the south are the master and bathroom 2, and to the west is the living room hallway. It is about 13 feet wide by 11 feet long. Common room 2 is on the south side of the house. To the north are bathroom 1 and the living room hallway, to the east is the master, and house exterior to the south and west. It is about 12 feet wide by 13 feet long. The kitchen is on the west side of the house. To the north is the living room, to the east is the living room hallway, to the south is the bath, and house exterior to the west. It is about 7 feet wide by 9 feet long. The living room is on the north side of the house. To the north and west are house exterior, with the main entry on the west wall in the north corner. To the east is the balcony. To the south are the kitchen and common room 1, and between them is a hallway leading south to common room 2. It is about 25 feet wide by 15 feet long, plus another 4 feet by 15 feet for the hallway. The master is on the south side of the house. It is L-shaped with bathroom 2 situated in the northeast corner. To the east and house are house exterior, to the west is common room 2, and to the northwest is the living room hallway. To the north is common room 1. It is about 13 feet wide by 18 feet long, minus the area of bathroom 2. 