The balcony is on the south side of the house. To the north is common room 2, and house exterior to the east, south, and west. It is about 13 feet wide and 4 feet long. The bathroom is on the west side of the house and is situated in the northwest corner of the master. To the north is the living room and to the west is house exterior. It is about 9 feet wide by 5 feet long. Common room 1 is on the north side of the house. To the north and west are house exterior, to the south is the living room, and to the east is the kitchen. It is about 12 feet wide by 16 feet long. Common room 2 is on the east side of the house. To the north are the living room hallway and storage room, to the east is house exterior, to the south is the balcony, and to the west is the master. It is about 13 feet wide by 12 feet long. The kitchen is on the north side of the house. To the north and east are house exterior, to the south is the living room, and common room 1 to the west. It is about 16 feet by 16 feet. The living room is central to the house. To the north are common room 1 and the kitchen. To the east is house exterior and the main entry in the north corner. To the west is house exterior. To the south are the bathroom, master, and east of them is a narrow hallway leading to common room 2. East of the hallway is the storage room. West of the bathroom is 3 feet exterior-facing wall. It is about 28 feet wide by 18 feet long, plus another 3 by 3 feet for the hallway. The master is on the south side of the house. It is L-shaped with the bathroom situated in the northwest corner. To the north is the living room, to the east are the hallway and common room 2, and house exterior to the south and west. It is about 14 feet wide by 16 feet long, minus the area of the bathroom. The storage room is on the east side of the house. To the north is the living room and 5 feet exterior-facing wall. To the east is house exterior, to the south is common room 2, and to the west is the living room hallway. It is about 10 feet wide by 3 feet long. 