The south facing balcony offers approximately 50 square feet of space to set up your outdoor retreat for fresh air, located just off the master bedroom its the perfect spot to greet the day. The bathroom is accessible from the master bedroom as well as common room one and the living room.  At just under 100 square feet it offers plenty of room for storage of towels and toiletries common room one Like the other common room it is about 300 feet in size.  It is located opposite the master bedroom on the North side of the building.  It does share a bathroom with the master and is probably best suited for your home office, gym or work room.  With easy access to the bathroom it can also be used as a bedroom as well. Like the other common room it is about 300 feet in size.  With its location just off the kitchen and opposite the master bedroom.  Its the perfect room for a nursey or child's bedroom to be close to the Master.  The rectangular layout make it just as easy to convert to a home office or gym. The Kitchen is also located on the south facing side of the building located close to the master bedroom and the second common area, all are perfectly located closely should you decide to use that room for a nursery or bedroom for a small child.  The kitchen provides easy access to all areas of the living space and at  100 square feet with an opening into the living room it offers plenty of room for storage. As you enter you are brought directly into the almost 1,000 square foot living room.   This large area with easy access to all other rooms provides plenty of space for whatever you imagine your dream living room to look like. The master bedroom is on the south side of the house with the balcony access directly from it.  It offers a shared bath with larger of the common rooms.  At about 500 square feet it leaves plenty of room for whatever size bed you prefer to sleep in and ample room for storage around it.  It also offers easy access to the kitchen for morning breakfasts and late night snacks. 