The balcony, located on the Eastern side of the unit, North of the bathroom, juts out from the rest of the unit. It is 4' wide from West to East, and the entirely of the balcony is located Eastward of Easternmost wall of the bedroom, common area, and bathroom. The balcony spans 11' from North to South, and it's Northern wall is shared with the Southern wall of the kitchen. The kitchen and balcony bot jut out approximately 4' to the East of the unit. The second balcony is located south of the living room, with the same West to East width of 14'. Its Southern wall is flush with the Southern wall of the master bedroom. It is 6' from North to South, making it just slightly larger than the first balcony. It touches only the master bedroom and the living room. The bathroom is located on the central East side of the unit between the common area and master bedroom. While the Northern wall of the master bedroom and Southern wall of the common area are both roughly 12' wide, the West to East measurement of the bathroom is only about 9" wide, leaving an indentation where the living room fills in. The bathroom is 6' North to South. The master bedroom, common area, and bathroom all have an Eastern wall in perfect line with one another. The common room is located South of the kitchen and entryway, East of the living room, and North of the bathroom. It is 12' wide and the Southern wall is parallel to and the same length as the Master bedroom's north most wall. The common room is 11' tall from North to South, and is connected to a balcony of the same height to its East. The master bedroom, common area, and bathroom all have an Eastern wall in perfect line with one another. The kitchen is located at the Northeast corner of the unit, connected to the small entry portion of the living room by the front door. The Kitchen measures roughly 12' wide by 5' North to South. The Southern wall connects to the common area at the Southwest, and the first balcony at the Southeast. The living room is the largest room in this unit. The unit door is in the Northern wall of the living room, where one enters a small entrance area of the living room, measuring roughly 8' wide by 4 feet North to South. The living room then opens up substantially to the West, with a Western wall measuring roughly 30' and a Southern wall of roughly 14' wide. To the East of the living room's small entrance area you will find the kitchen, to the Northeast a common room, due East a bathroom, Southeast the master bedroom, and due South balcony number 2. The living room directly connects to every room in the unit except for balcony 1. Due to the small size of the bathroom, the living room makes a small jog at the central East wall between the common area and the master bedroom. The master bedroom is located at the Southeast corner of the unit. It is a true rectangle, measuring roughly 12' West to East and 15' North to South. To the East of the master bedroom is the living room and second balcony. To the North is a small bathroom. The bathroom doesn't span the full width of the master bedroom, meaning that the Northwest corner of the master bedroom actually shares a wall with the living room. The master bedroom, common area, and bathroom all have an Eastern wall in perfect line with one another. 