Location:The absolute location of the balcony in the floor plan is south east corner.Relationship:The absolute location of the balcony in the floor plan is en suite to living room and near common room 2.Size:The area of the balcony in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of bathroom 1 in the floor plan is west side.Relationship:The absolute location of bathroom 1 in the floor plan is between bathroom 2 and common room 1.Size:The area of bathroom 1 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of bathroom 2 in the floor plan is west side .Relationship:The absolute location of bathroom 2 in the floor plan is en suite to master room.Size:The area of bathroom 2 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of common room 1 in the floor plan is north west corner.Relationship:The absolute location of common room 1 in the floor plan is next to bathroom 1 and near storage room.Size:The area of common room 1 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of common room 2 in the floor plan is south side.Relationship:The absolute location of common room 2 in the floor plan is near master room and opposite to storage room.Size:The area of common room 2 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is east side.Relationship:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is in front of storage room and common room 2.Size:The area of the living room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is south west corner.Relationship:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is near common room 2 .Size:The area of the master room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the storage room in the floor plan is north side.Relationship:The absolute location of the storage room in the floor plan is next to common room 1 and in front of common room 2.Size:The area of the storage room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. 