The only bathroom in this floor plan opens into the living room and abuts the master bedroom. It's accessible opposite the front door which is much better than being too close to the entry way.  It measures about 7' x 10' and would be best described as having enough room for a basic functional bathroom. Common room 1 is the most isolated room in the floorplan.  It does open to the living room, but does not adjoin another bedroom or a functional room with plumbing.  It is located to the west opposite the other rooms.  Measuring around 10' x 12' just as the master it does not have an entry way of its own.  Rather it is simply accessed from the living room. Common room 2 sits in the south east corner of the plan and abuts the kitchen.  to the north it abuts the master bedroom.  This room is the same size as the master bedroom which is odd considering most masters are larger than their counterparts.  Since the only bathroom is located against the master the only benefit it has could be that it potentially has an ensuite.  Common room 2 has nothing special and would be assaulted by any noise or odors from its neighboring rooms The kitchen is accessible from the living room as well. It measures around 10' x 6' which makes it a smaller kitchen.  It abuts the second common room which might be an issue for some.  Its really an uremarkable space. The living room is centrally located on the floor plan.  It measures roughtly 10' x 20' but is larger given its odd shape. It is the first room you are greeted with when opening the front door and is where you will traverse to enter the various rooms of the floorplan. It is the most important room in the layout for sure. The master room is located in the north east corner of the plan.  It measures roughly 10' x 12' but has a nice 2' entry way that breaks up the monotony of the typical square shape.  It adjoins the only bathroom in the floorplan and opens into the living room.  The second common room abuts its south wall. The storage room is the other "room" that greets you at the door.  It is west of the entry way and measures roughly 3' x 5'.  While not very large it still serves as a functional coat closet and doesn't produce any noise or odors for the adjoining Common room 1 to its north. 