A balcony extends from the south wall of the unit.  It is approximately 18' x 8' or 144 square feet. The bathroom is located on the east side of the unit between the master and second bedrooms.  The living room is located to the west.  The bathroom is accessed from a short hallway leading from the living room.  The room is approximately 8' x 10' or 80 square feet. A second bedroom or office is located in the northeast corner of the unit.  The kitchen and living room are to the west of the second bedroom.  The bathroom is immediately to the south of the second bedroom.  The room is accessed through a door on the southwest side of the room through a hallway leading from the living room.  The room is approximately 12' x 22' or 264 square feet. A third bedroom or office is located in the northwest corner of the unit.  The kitchen and living room are to the east of the third bedroom.  The room is accessed through a door in the southeast corner of the room.  The room is approximately 10' x 11' or 110 square feet. The kitchen is located on the north side of the living room.  Two bedrooms are located on the east and west sides of the kitchen.  The dining area is in the living room on the north end near the kitchen.  A long island separates the dining area from the kitchen in an open concept style.  The kitchen is approximately 12' x 7' or 84 square feet. The living room is located on the west side of the unit.  Access into the unit is directly into the living room through a door on the west wall located near a third bedroom.  A balcony fills the wall on the south side of the room.  The north end of the room should provide the dining space for the kitchen located on the north of the living room.  A master bedroom, second bedroom and bath fill the east side of the unit and are accessed through a short hallway from the living room.  A third bedroom is located on the northwest corner of the unit with access in the southeast corner of that room.  The living room is approximately 18' x 35' or 630 square feet. The master bedroom is located on the southwest corner of the unit.  A door on the northwest corner of the room provides access to the room.  The bathroom is immediately to the north with the living room located to the west of the master bedroom.  The room is approximately 15' x 22' or 330 square feet. 