Balcony 1 is in the northwest corner of the home, to the west of the kitchen and the north of the common room. It looks to be between 3 and 4 square feet. Balcony 2 is located on the southeast corner of the home, located to the south off of the living room. The eastern end of the balcony runs along the west wall of the master bedroom. Balcony 2 looks to be about 10 ft wide and 2-3 ft long. The bathroom is on the west side of the home, sandwiched between the master to the south and the common room to the north. It's east wall is the west wall of the living room. It is just shy of 10 ft x 8 ft because of a small cut out on the northeast corner of the room that cuts out about 3 sq ft from the northeast corner of the square. The common room is located in the northwest corner of the home. Its south wall is shared as the north wall of the bathroom. The room is a square shape with no cut-outs and measures approximately 10 ft x 10 ft. The kitchen in along the north-most wall of the home, connected to the north wall of the living room, off the smaller square portion of the room in the northwest of the living room. It is a small rectangle, roughly 10 ft East to Wear and maybe 6 feet North to South. The living room is on the east side of the home and is an unusual shape that looks to be between 40 and 50 square feet. It is much longer than wide, measuring about 12 ft East to West x 20 ft North to South on the wider portion of the room to the south, with a smaller square-shaped portion of the room to the north and following the West wall that measures about 10 ft x 10 ft.  The balcony 2 is located to the south. The door to the home is located on the northeast side of the room, with the door opening to the north from the larger portion of the living room ( 12 ft x 20 ft portion). Along the west wall of the living room are doors that lead to the master, bath, and common room. The master room is located in the southwest corner of the home, with a door on it's east wall leading to the living room. On the other side of its north wall is the bathroom. It appears to be about 12 ft East to West x 18 ft. North to South. 