The first balcony is located at the northern most edge of the image. It is north of both the kitchen and second common room. Its width is 15ft with a length of 2ft. Balcony two is located at the southernmost edge of the image. It is south of the living room, and west of the master bedroom. It's length is 15ft. The area is 64 sqrt with a ratio of 16:9. The bathroom is located on eastern side of the image. It is south of the first common room, north of the master bedroom. And east of the living room. It's width is 5ft with a lenght of 3ft. The area is 26. With a ration of 9:16. Common room one is located at the north eastern most corner of the image. It is west of both common room 2 and the kitchen. The bathroom is located to its south. And the living room is located to its east. The first common room is 12ft in width and 20ft in lenght. With a area of 88. And a ratio of 9:16. The second common room is in the center of four rooms. The first balcony is north of the second common room. The kitchen is located to its west. The first common room is west of the second common room. And the living room is located to its south. The second common room is 6ft in width. With a area of 40 sqrt. and a ratio of 4:5. The kitchen is locate at the western side of the image. It south of balcony. East of the second common room. And north of the living room. It's width is 5ft with a length of 10ft. The area is 40sqrt ft. With a ratio of 9:16. The living room is located at the western wall. It south of both the kitchen and second common room. And north of the second balcony. The first comon room, bathroom and master room are located to the east of the living room. The living room is aproximately 15ft in width and 40ft in length. The area is 140 sqrt ft. With a ratio of 9:16. The master bedroom is located at the south western most corner of the image. It is south of the bathroom and first common room. It's width is aproximately 12ft with a length of 24ft. The area is 96 sqrt feet. With a ratio of 9.16. 