The balcony is located in the bottom and left corner of the floor plan.   Its dimension is approximately 25 feet by 7 feet with a total area of 170 square footage.  Directly above it and to the left is the living room is and to the top right is common room 1.  The top right corner of the balcony next to the bottom left corner of the master. Bathroom 1 is located on the right and middle portion of the floor plan.  Its dimension is 7 feet by 6 feet.  Directly above it is common room 2, to its left top is the living room, to its left bottom and below it is the master room. Bathroom 2 is located on the top and and middle portion of the floor plan.  Its dimension is 9 feet by 5 feet.  Directly to the left of it is the kitchen, to its right is common room 2, to its left bottom is the living room and to its right bottom is bathroom 1. Common room 1 is located in the middle of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 12 feet by 11 feet.  Directly to its left and top is the living room, to its right is the master and below it is the balcony. Common room 2 is located in the top right corner of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 13 feet by 10 feet.  Directly to its left is bathroom 2,  to its bottom left is the living room and to its bottom right is bathroom 1. The kitchen is located in the top and middle portion of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 9 feet by 7 feet.  Directly to its bottom and left side is the living room and to its right is bathroom 2. The living room is located primarily in the left side of the floor plan with its left and top side serving as part of the borders of the house.  Its total area is about 440 square feet.  Its top right side is next to the kitchen with bathroom 2 and common 2 also being above it.  To its right side is bathroom 1 while its bottom's left half is the balcony.  To its bottom right side is common room 1 and master. The master room is located on the bottom right corner of the floor plan.   Its general dimension is 15 feet by 13 feet with its overall square footage at 190.  On its left and top side is common room 1 and on its left bottom corner is the balcony.  To its top right side is bathroom 1 and top left side is the living room. 