The balcony is located on the easternmost wall a little more north than south on the north to south axis. It touches the living room and the kitchen where it is located east of the living room and south of the kitchen. The approximate size is 3 ft wide by 5 ft in length for a total of 15 square ft. The bathroom 1 is in the center of the floor plan along the north to south axis but located on the western side at the same time with it touching a western wall, common room, master room, and the living room. It is north of the master room, south of the common room, and west of the living room. The approximate size of the bath is 7 ft by 7 ft for a total of 49 square ft. Bathroom 2 is located more west than east on the east to west axis and almost as north as possible touching common room 1 and the living room. Bathroom 2 is located east of common room 1 and south, north, and west of the living room. The approximate size of bathroom 2 is 5 ft wide by 3 ft long for a total of 15 square ft. The common room is in the northwest corner of the floor plan touching the northernmost and westernmost walls as well as bathroom 2, bathroom 1, and the living room. It is located north of bathroom 1, west of the living room and bathroom 2. The size of the common room is approximately 12 ft wide by 10 ft long for a total of 120 square ft. The kitchen is in the northeast corner of the floor plan touching the northernmost and easternmost wall as well as the living room and balcony. The kitchen is east of the living room and north of the balcony. The kitchen is approximately 7 ft wide by 10 ft in length for 70 total square ft. The living room is located more east than west in the floor plan but does take up the center of it. The living room spans from the southernmost wall to the northernmost wall and touches one of the eastern walls with a northern facing front door. The living room touches bathroom 2, master room, bathroom 1, common room, kitchen, and balcony. It is east of the master room, east of bathroom 1, east of common room, north, south, and east of bathroom 2, west of the kitchen, and west of the balcony. The approximate size of the living room is 15 ft wide by 40 ft in length for a total of 600 square ft. The master room is in the southwestern corner of the floor plan touching the southernmost and one of the west walls as well as bathroom 1 and the living room. It is West of the living room and south of bathroom 1. The approximate size of the master room is 10 ft wide by 15 ft in length for a total of 150 square ft. 