The first balcony is located in the central but south-most section of the floor plan to the left of the kitchen and south-east of the master room. It also borders the living room directly north. Balcony 1 has a width of 8 feet and height of 12 feet giving it an aspect ratio of 3:2 height to width. The area of balcony 1 is 96 square feet. Balcony 2 is in the northern-most section of the floor plan and borders only the common room to its direct south. Balcony 2 has a width of 10 feet and height of 4 feet giving it an aspect ratio of 2:5 height to width. The area of balcony 2 is 40 square feet. The bathroom is in the west and central location of the floor plan. directly in between the master room and the common room with the common room to its north, the master room to its south and also the living room to its east. The width of the bathroom is 10 feet and its height is around 6 feet giving it an aspect ratio of 3:5 height to width. The bathroom has an area of 60 square feet. The common room is located in the north west section of the floor plan just below the top-most balcony and north of the bathroom. The common room has a width of 10 feet and a height of 15 feet giving it an aspect ratio of 3:2 height to width. The common room has an area of 150 square feet. The kitchen extrudes out of the living room to the south of the living room by about 8 ft. It borders the living room and has the balcony directly to its west. The kitchen has a width of about 6 ft and a height of about 12 ft giving an aspect ratio of 2:1 height to width. The approximate area of the kitchen is about 72 square feet. The living room is located along the entire right side of the floor plan and borders a room, a bathroom, the master bedroom, the balcony, and the kitchen. The living rooms width is 15 feet and a height of about 35 feet, giving an aspect ratio of 7:3 height to width. The total area of the living room is approximately 525 square feet. The master bedroom is located at the southwest corner of the floor plan. The master bedroom borders the balcony to the southeast and the bathroom directly north. The master bedroom has a width of 12 feet and a height of 15 feet giving an aspect ratio of 5:4 height to width. The approximate area of the master room is about 180 square feet. 