The balcony is located on the northeast side of the unit.  The kitchen is located to the west of the balcony.  The balcony is accessed from the kitchen.  The south side of the balcony is the north wall of the  master bedroom, which also has access to the balcony.  The balcony is approximately 18' x 6' or 108 square feet. The bathroom is located on the southwest side of the unit.  It is accessed from the living/dining room to the east of it from a short hallway.  The second bedroom is located on the north side of the bathroom.  It is approximately 8' x 6' or 48 square feet. A second bedroom, which can be used as an office, is located on the west side of the unit.  A door into the second bedroom is located on the southeast corner of the room and is accessed from a hallway leading from the living/dining room located to the east of the second bedroom.  The second bedroom is approximately 15' x 15' or 225 square feet. The kitchen is located on the north side of the unit.  It is open style with an island separating the space from the living room.  The east side allows access to the balcony.  The kitchen is approximately 20' x 6' or 120 square feet. The living/dining room is located in the center of the unit.  A kitchen is located on the north side, the master bedroom and storage area on the east side and a second bedroom and bath on the west side.  The kitchen, on the north side of the room, is open style and allows room to access the balcony on the east side of the kitchen.  The living/dining room is accessed from a door on the southwest side of the room.  The room is approximately 20' x 30' or 600 square feet. The master bedroom is located on the east side of the unit.  A door into the bedroom is located on the southwest corner of the room accessible from a short hallway leading from the living/dining room.  The living/dining room is to the west of the master bedroom and a storage closet is located to the south of it.  The room, including the closet, is approximately 18' x 20' or 360 square feet. A storage closet is located on the southeast side of the unit.  It is accessed from a short hallway leading from the living/dining room.  The master bedroom is located to the north of the storage closet.  The closet is approximately 8' x 10' or 80 square feet. 