Balcony 1, fixated to the west-side of the resident, is approximately 20' X 5' in size. Balcony 1 appears to be accessed from either the living room and/or the master bedroom from the east side of the balcony. Balcony 2 can be accessed through the kitchen, at the east side of the kitchen and residence as a whole. Balcony 2 considerably smaller than Balcony 1 at approximately 8' X 5'. There are no rooms surrounding Balcony 2 aside from the kitchen to the left, or west side. The bathroom is approximately 10' X 8' and is situated on the east-side of the residence. The bathroom can be accessed on the east side of the living room, with the kitchen on sharing the south wall and Common Room 2 sharing the north wall. Common Room 1 is fixated at the northeast corner of the residence, situated with the master on the west-side and Common Room 2 to the south. Common Room 1 is approximately 10' X 12' in size and can be accessed directly from the living room at the southwest corner of Common Room 1. The north- and east-side walls are exterior. Common Room 2 can be accessed on the east-side wall of the living room, with the entrance on the west-side wall of Common Room 2. The bathroom shares the south-side wall, and Common Room 1 shares the north-side wall. Common Room 2 is approximately 10' X 10'. The east-side wall is exterior. The kitchen, situated to the right, or east, of the living room, is approximately 10' X 8'. On the east-side, the kitchen provides access to Balcony 2. The kitchen is centrally fixed, with the living room to the west, bath to the north, and balcony 2 to the east. The south-side wall is exterior. Walking into the expansive living room through the front door, with is positioned on the south-side wall, there is ample space for activities and an entrance to Balcony 1 (approximately 10') on the west-side wall. The living room is approximately 25' X 20, with access to the bathroom, corner rooms 1 and 2, and the kitchen along the east-side wall, and the master bedroom along the north-side wall. The south- and west-side walls are exterior, with Balcony 1 consuming roughly 10' of the west-side wall. Beyond the living room is the master bedroom. The master bedroom is on the north-side of the residence and is approximately 10' X 12' in size. Balcony 1 runs the span of the west-side wall of the master and continues with access to the living room as well. Common Room 1 runs along the east-side wall, sharing a wall with the master. The north-side wall is exterior. 