Balcony one is located at the northwestern point of the floorplan. It is approximately 50 square feet in size. It can be accessed through the kitchen, bathroom and common room 2. Balcony 2 is located in the most southern point of the floorplan, just east of the master room. It is roughly 12 feet in length and five feet in width. Access points include the livingroom and master room. The bathroom is located south of the kitchen. It can be accessed through the east wall of the livingroom, as well as the southern kitchen wall. Common room 2 has acess to the bathroom through its eastern wall.  It is the smallest room in the floorplan. At approximately 25 square feet in size,  it is just a bit smaller than balcony 1 and half the size of balcony 2. Common room one is located on the western portion of the floor plan. It can be accessed through common room 2 at the north, the master room at the south and the livingroom from the east. Common room one is about 100 square feet, 10 feet in length and 10 feet in width, making it the second largest room in the floor plan. Commmon room 2 is just a bit smaller than Common room 1, approximately 90 square feet. It is located just north of Common room 1, with access points including the bathroom at the northeast, balcony at the north, and livingroom at the east. The kitchen is located in the most northern point of the floorplan. It is roughly 50 square feet, 10 feet in length and 5 feet in width. The bathroom can be accessed at the southern point of the kitchen, the first balcony toward the western kitchen wall and the livingroom at the eastern wall. The kitchen is relatively closest in size to the balconies. The livingroom is located in the northeastern portion of the floorplan. It is entered through the front entry door, and is approximately 480 square feet. The bathroom, kitchen, common rooms one and two, the master bedroom and second balcony can all be accessed through the livingroom. The master room is located in the southern end of the floorplan. It is roughly 200 square feet, 10 feet in width and 20 feet in length. The second balcony, livingroom and common room one can be accessed through the master room. The master room is about the size of the two common rooms combined. 