The east-side bathroom (1) is between the kitchen and the master bedroom. It is roughly half as wide as those rooms, and it is bordered on its east-side by the storage area. It is approximately 5 feet long and 6 feet wide. The west-side bathroom (2) is larger than the east-side bathroom. The former is approximately 5 x 10 feet, wider than it is long. The larger common room (2) borders it to its south-side. The east-side common room (1) is approximately 10 x 10 feet, and is bordered by the kitchen to the north, storage area to the east, and smaller bathroom to the south. The northern portion of the living room borders it to the west. The west-side common room (2) has the same dimensions as the master bedroom. It is south of the larger bathroom (2), west of the middle of the living room, and its south-side is bordered mostly by the wall to the western corner of the house, but it also borders the living room for approximately 2 feet of the common room's south-east corner. The kitchen is approximately 15 feet wide (east-west) and 5 feet long in the Northeastern corner. It is bordered on its south-side by the smaller common room and a storage area. The living room extends from the North end of the house all the way to the South end. It is bordered on the Northeastern corner by the kitchen. The bathroom (2) borders it at the Northwestern corner. There are common rooms bordering the living room on either side, just south of the kitchen and bathroom (2), respectively. The east-side common room does not extend as far South as does the west-side common room. South of the east-side common room, the living room is flanked by a smaller bathroom (1), and by the master bedroom in the Southeastern corner. It is approximately 12 feet wide at the Southern end, 10 feet wide at the Northern end, and is 12 feet wide until it meets the west-side common room, but 10 feet wide north of that point. The master bedroom occupies the Southeastern corner, and is bordered on its west-side by the living room. The smallest bathroom (1) borders it on the  north side. It is approximately 12 feet long (north-to-south) and 10 feet wide. The storage area is approximately 5 feet wide and 12 feet long. It is against the east wall of the house, with the kitchen to its north, and the smaller common room (1) and the smaller bathroom (1) on its west side. 