Balcony 1 is highlighted in green and is on the bottom right side of the floor plan. Width wise, it looks about 10 feet but length wise it looks 5 or less feet. It is bigger than balcony 2 and next to the master room. This is the smallest room on the floor plan (highlighted in green). It is on the bottom part of the image, below bathroom 2 and next to common room 1. Next to the kitchen and separated by the living room (from the other rooms). It is pretty small when compared to the other rooms but it is bigger than the balcony's and about the same size as bathroom 2. It is also on the top right of the floor plan highlighted in blue. Bathroom 2, which is on the bottom part of the floor plan. Left to the common room and above balcony 2, it is less than 10 feet in length and width. It is highlighted with the color blue. It is about the same size of bathroom 1 and is pretty much opposite to bathroom 1 as well. The common room is on the bottom left hand side of the floor plan, highlighted in yellow. It is one of the bigger rooms but not as big as the living room and the master bedroom. It is however bigger than most of the other rooms, and is located left to bathroom 2 and balcony 2. The kitchen is at the Top right of the floor plan, highlighted with the color pink, next to bathroom 1. It looks like less than 10 feet in length but about 10 feet or so in width. It is separated from most of the other rooms by the living room. The living room is the biggest room, going through the middle of the image (floor plan), and divides bathroom 1 and the kitchen from the other rooms. The living room takes up pretty much the entire top part of the floor plan, except say for bathroom 1 and the kitchen. The master room, second biggest room in the floor plan. It is highlighted with the color orange, and is between balcony 1 (which is on the left side of the floor plan) and bathroom 2, balcony 2, common room 1. It acts as a separator between balcony 1 and the other rooms. About 20-25 feet in length, and about 10-15 feet in width. 