The balcony is located on the west side of the unit and runs the length of the living/dining room wall.  It is approximately 25' x 4' or 100 square feet. The larger bathroom is located on the east side of the unit.  It is accessed on the west side of the room from a hallway leading from the living/dining room which is south of the bathroom.  A third bedroom is located to the north while two other bedrooms are located to the west.  The room is approximately 12' x 10' or 120 square feet. The en suite bathroom is located on the northeast side of the master bedroom.  Access is only from the master bedroom.  The east side of the en suite bathroom is the wall for the hallway for the bedrooms and bathrooms.  The en suite bathroom is approximately 8' x 6' or 48 square feet. A second bedroom or office is located on the west side of the unit.  It is accessed on the southeast side of the room from a hallway leading from the living/dining room.  The master bedroom is located to the north.    A third bedroom and bathroom are located to the west.  The room is approximately 18' x 12' or 216 square feet. A third bedroom or office is located on the east side of the unit.  It is accessed through a door on the west side of the room from a hallway leading from the living/dining room.  A bathroom and the living/dining room are located to the south from the second bedroom, while two bedrooms are located to the west of it.  The room is approximately 12' x 20' or 240 square feet. The kitchen is located on the south east side of the unit and is an open concept style.  A long island divides the kitchen from the living/room dining room.  It is approximately 8' x 15' or 120 square feet. The living room is located on the south side of the unit.  It is accessed from outside by a door on the southeast corner of the room.  The kitchen is to the east in an open concept style.  A hallway off the north side of the living/dining room leads to three bedrooms and two bathrooms.  A balcony is located on the west wall of the living/dining room.  The room is approximately 40' x 25' or 1000 square feet. The master bedroom is in the northwest corner of the unit and is accessed from a hallway leading from the living/dining room through the door on the southeast wall.  An en suite bathroom is located in the northeast corner of the master bedroom, which does not have access other than through the master bedroom.  The master bedroom and en suite bathroom are approximately 18' x 20' or 360 square feet.  The bathroom takes up approximately 48 square feet of that. 