The balcony is located on the southernmost wall West of the kitchen and south of bathroom 2 and common room 2. The size of the room is approximately 4 ft by 4 ft for a total of 16 square ft. Bathroom 1 is located on the West or left side of the floor plan. It is the private bathroom for the master bedroom located South of the master bedroom main living space and West of the master bedroom hallway. Bathroom 1 is about 6 ft by 4 ft for a square footage of 24 square ft. Bathroom 2 touches the balcony, kitchen, living room, and common room 2 that is located more South on the floor plan than North and centered East by West. The bathroom 2 is located South and West of the living room, North and West of the kitchen, North of the balcony, and East of common room 2. The size of bathroom 2 is approximately, 5 ft by 8 ft for a square footage of 40 square ft. Common room 1 touches the northern most wall of the floor plan, located fairly centered East by West. The common room 1 touches the living room and master bedroom. It is East of the master bedroom and North and West of the living room. Common room 2 is located at the Southwest corner of the floor plan. It touches the master bedroom, balcony, bathroom 2, and living room. The common room 2 is South of the master bedroom, North of the balcony, and West of bathroom 2. It is approximately 6 ft in width by 7 ft in length for a total of 42 square ft. The kitchen is located on the south wall of the house. It is in between the balcony, bathroom 2, and living room. The kitchen is South of the living room main living space and West of the South living room hallway. It is also located East of the balcony and South-East of bathroom 2. The kitchen is 12 ft in width by 6 ft in length. The living room touches the North, South, and East walls of the floor plan. The front door enters the living room which is located on the South side, for a south facing house. The living room touches the kitchen, bathroom 2, common room 2, common room 1, and the master bedroom. The living room is North and East of the kitchen, North and East of bathroom two, North of common room 2, South and North of common room 1, and East of the master bedroom. The living room has a main living part and two hallways located at the South and West end of the living room living space. The main living space of the living room is about 15 ft in width by 40 ft in length. With the south hallway to the front door being 4 ft in width by 8 ft in length and the west hallway at 10 ft in width by 4 ft in length. The master bedroom is located on the West side or the left side of the floor plan and house. It touches the bath 1, common room 1, and common room 2. The master bedroom is located West of common room 1, north or bathroom 1, and north of common room 2. The master bedroom has a main living space and a small hallway at its south east side. The main living space is about 12 ft in width by 15 ft in length. The master bedroom hallway is about 3 ft by 3 ft. 