Location:The absolute location of balcony 1 in the floor plan is east side.Relationship:The absolute location of balcony 1 in the floor plan is next to common room 1 and near kitchen.Size:The area of balcony 1 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of balcony 2 in the floor plan is south west corner.Relationship:The absolute location of balcony 2 in the floor plan is en suite to common room 2.Size:The area of balcony 2 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the bathroom in the floor plan is north side.Relationship:The absolute location of the bathroom in the floor plan is en suite to master room.Size:The area of the bathroom in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of common room 1 in the floor plan is north east corner.Relationship:The absolute location of common room 1 in the floor plan is next to bathroom.Size:The area of common room 1 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of common room 2 in the floor plan is south west corner.Relationship:The absolute location of common room 2 in the floor plan is near balcony 2.Size:The area of common room 2 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the kitchen in the floor plan is south east corner.Relationship:The absolute location of the kitchen in the floor plan is in front of common room 1 and near balcony 1.Size:The area of the kitchen in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is south side .Relationship:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is next to between master room,bathroom,common room 1,balcony 1,kitchen,common room 2 and balcony 2.Size:The area of the living room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is north west corner.Relationship:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is near bathroom and in front of common room 2.Size:The area of the master room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. 