The balcony is bordered only by the master bedroom, and measures about ten feet by three feet. Directly above it is the master bedroom. It is on the lowest point of the house. Bathroom one is bordered by the master bedroom and by bathroom two. It is built away from the living room (does not border the living room, and measures about seven feet by five feet. Bathroom two is located at the center right of the house, and is bordered by common room two above it, the living room to the right, the master bedroom on half of its lower side, and bathroom one on the right half of its lower side. It measures about four feet by seven feet. Common room one is located on the upper left corner of the house. It measures about eight feet by ten feet in all, and is bordered by the kitchen to its right upper half, and by the living room to its right lower half and beneath it. Common room two measures about eight feet by eight feet total, and is bordered by the kitchen to its left upper corner, the living room to its left lower corner, and by bathroom two beneath it. The kitchen measures about eight feet by six feet and is located at the top center of the house. IT is bordered by common room one to its left, common room two to its right, and the living room beneath it. The living room takes up the central space of the house and the lower left space of the house. It is the largest room. Its total area is roughly ten feet by twenty feet, and it is slightly irregularly shaped. It is bordered by the common room to the upper left, kitchen to the upper center, common room to the upper right, bathroom two is directly below the second common room, and the master bedroom to the lower right. The front door is located on the left side of the living room. The master room is to the right of the living room. It measures about ten feet by fifteen feet and is irregularly shaped. Just beneath the master room is a balcony which measures about ten feet by three feet. The master room is bordered above by bathroom one and bathroom two. 