The balcony is located on the upper right corner, located next to the living room area. The balcony is one of the smallest area of the location as the length is approximately 10 feet and about 1 feet in width. Bathroom 1 is located on the bottom middle of the floor plan, where the living room sits on top of it and it is also next to common room 2. Bathroom 1 has about the size of around 8 feet in length and 8 feet wide. Bathroom 2 is located on the bottom middle of the floor plan, where it is a part of the master's bedroom. Bathroom 2 is a bit bigger than bathroom 1 with the length of about 10 feet and 8 feet wide. Common room 1 is located on the middle left corner of the floor plan, right below the kitchen location and a portion of the living room next to it. Common room 1 is about the same size of common room 2 as the surface area makes up around 11 feet in length and around 11 feet wide. Common room 2 is located on the bottom left corner of the floor plan, right below common room 1 and next to bathroom 1. Common room 2 is about the same size of common room 1 as the surface area makes up around 11 feet in length and around 11 feet wide. The kitchen is located at the upper portion (far left, up north) of the floor plan, follow the 2 common rooms when descending down. The kitchen is one of the smallest location on the floor plan, with the length of approximately ~9 feet and about ~11 feet in width. The living room is located in the center of the location, surrounding the kitchen, the 2 common rooms, 2 baths, a master, and a balcony. It is the only room with the largest surface area of approximately ~30 feet wide and approximately ~20 feet in length. The master room is the second largest room right next to the two bathrooms at the bottom right corner of the location. The approximate size of the master's bedroom is approximately ~20.5 feet, when it include the bathroom 2 (or about over 10 feet without the bathroom) in width. As for the length, the addition to the bathroom 2 is about ~20 feet (or about ~10 feet without the bathroom). 