The balcony is located on the south side of the master bedroom and only accessible from there.  The balcony is approximately 12' x 4' or 48 square feet. The main bathroom is located on the west side of the unit between the master bedroom and one of the two additional rooms.  It is accessed from a hallway leading from the living/dining room.  It is approximately 9' x 8' or 72 square feet. The guest bathroom is located on the east wall of the living/dining room close to the entrance to the unit.  It is approximately 5' x 5' or 25 square feet. An additional bedroom is located on the northwest side of the unit.  The door into the bedroom is located in a hallway leading from the living/dining room on the southeast side of the room.  It is approximately 12' x 10' or 120 square feet, including the closet. A third room, usable as a bedroom or office, is located on the northeast side of the unit.  The door into the bedroom is located on the south side of the room leading from the living/dining room.  The room is approximately 10' x 10' or 100 square feet. The kitchen is located on the north side of the unit between two rooms that can be bedrooms or office.  It is open concept with an island separating it from the living/dining room.  The kitchen is approximately 10' x 6' or 60 square feet. The living/dining room is located on the east side of the unit.  A master bedroom and main bathroom are on the west side.  Two other rooms are on the north end forming a larger area on the north end for the kitchen, which is open to the living/dining room.  A small guest bathroom is located on the east side of the living/dining room.  The entry for the unit is located on the southeast side of the living/dining room.  The actual living area of the room is approximately 35' x 20' or 700 square feet.  A small hallway on the east side leads to the main bathroom, and the location of the guest bathroom creates an alcove where a desk or study area could be located. The master bedroom is located on the southwest side of the unit.  A balcony leads from the south side wall.  Entry into the bedroom is from a hallway leading from the living/dining room.  The room is approximately 15' x 12' or 180 square feet. 