The Balcony is on the very South side of the house (comprising the roughly remaining 10% of the house). Its Northern edge aligns with the Southern walls of Common Rooms 1 and 2. Its Northern edge is aligned with the Master Bedroom as well, but does not physically touch. Its East, West, and South sides all face the outside. It is approximately 5ft wide (N/S) x 20ft long (E/W). Bathroom 1 is located on the Northwest corner of the house. It is cut into the square that is the Living Room. It is surrounded by the Living Room on its South and East sides, and the outside of the house on the North and West. It is approximately 20ft wide (N/S) x 7ft long (E/W). Bathroom 2 is located on the East side of the house, and is cut into the South East corner of the Living Room. It is surrounded by the Master Bedroom on its South, the Living Room on its North and West, and the outside of the house on the East. It is approximately 5ft wide (N/S) x 7ft long (E/W). Common Room 1 is in the central South portion of the house. It is surrounded by the Living Room to its North, the Master Bedroom to its East, Common Room 2 to its West, and the Balcony to the South. It has no walls directly touching the outside. It is approximately 15ft wide (N/S) and 13ft long (E/W). It is the same size as Common Room 2. Common Room 2 is in the South portion of the house, on the West side. It is surrounded by the Living Room (partially) to its North, Common Room 2 to its East, the Balcony to the South, and the outside to the West. It is approximately 15ft wide (N/S) and 13ft long (E/W). It is the same size as Common Room 1. The Kitchen is in the Northeast corner of the house. It is cut into the square that is the Living Room. It is surrounded by the Living Room on its South and West sides, and the outside of the house on the North and East. It is approximately 7ft wide (N/S) x 7ft long (E/W). The Living Room is on the North half of the house (which comprises roughly 55% of the total house). It is square shaped, with cut-ins for Bathroom 1, Bathroom 2, and the Kitchen. It is surrounded by Bathroom 1 on its Northwest side, the Kitchen on the Northeast side, and Bathroom 2 on the Southeast side. The total space of the North side of the house is approximately 23ft wide (N/S) x 27ft long (E/W) (inclusive of Bathroom 1, Bathroom 2, and the Kitchen). Of this, the Living Room makes up the (approximate) central 400 square feet. The Master Bedroom is on the South half of the house (which comprises roughly 35% of the house). The South half of the house is aligned with the North half on the East side, but extends beyond it on the West side. The Master Bedroom is on the Southeast corner of the house overall. To its North is Bathroom 2 and a portion of the Living Room. To its West is Common Room 1. It is roughly 15ft wide (N/S) x 13ft long (E/W). 