The balcony is located at the southeastern part of the floorplan touching the most southerly and easterly wall. It also touches a western wall and the master bedroom where it lies south of. The balcony is 12 ft in width by 3 ft in length for a total of 36 square ft. The bathroom is located almost central on the north to south line being a little more south and is east touching the easternmost wall. It also touches common room 1, master room, and the living room with an approximate size of 7 ft wide by 4 ft in length for a total of 28 square ft. It is south of common room 1, north of the master room, and east of the living room. The common room 1 is located more north than south and on the eastern portion of the floor plan touching the easternmost wall, a north wall, bathroom 1. common room 2, and living room. It is south of common room 2, north of the bathroom, and east of the living room. The size is approximately 7 ft wide by 7 ft in length for a total of 49 square ft. Common room 2 is located in the northeast corner of the floor plan touching a northern and eastern wall as well as the living room and common room 1. It is north of common room 1 and east of the living room. It is approximately 7 ft in width by 10 ft in length for a total of 70 square ft. The kitchen is located in the northwest corner of the floor plan touching the northernmost and westernmost walls as well as the living room. It is west and north of the living room with an approximate size of 5 ft wide by 10 ft long for a total of 50 square ft. The living room is located fairly centered along the east to west axis but more north than south, touching the northernmost wall and part of it even touching the westernmost wall. It has a southern facing door and also touches two south facing walls. The living room also touches the kitchen, common room 2, common room 1, bathroom, and the master room. It is east of the kitchen, west of the common room 1, common room 2, and the bathroom, and north of the master room. The size of the living room is approximately 20 ft in width by 25 ft in length for a total of 500 square ft. The master room is located in the eastern portion of the floor plan more south than north but not the furthest south because the balcony lies more south of it. It touches the easternmost wall as well as the bathroom and balcony. It is south of the bathroom and north of the balcony. The size is approximately 15 ft in width by 12 ft in length for a total of 180 square ft. 