Bathroom 1 is located approximately along the centerline of the home running east and west, and is on the west side with a west facing exterior wall. It is directly connected to the master bedroom and shares interior walls with the living room to the east. It is also directly next to the main entryway. It is approximately 75 square feet. Bathroom 2 is on the direct opposite side of the house from bathroom 1 with an east facing exterior wall. It shares interior walls with the dining room to the north and common room 2 to the south. It is approximately 100 square feet. Common room 1 is located approximately along the north to south center line of the home, and sits on the south end. The master bedroom shares interior walls with it, partially wrapping around it to the west and south. Common room 1 shares interior walls with common room 2 and the living room. It is approximately 200 square feet. Common room 2 is at the south East most corner of the home. It has south and east facing exterior walls. It shares interior walls with common room 1 to the west, bathroom 2 to the north, and the living room roughly to the northwest The dining room is located on the east side of the home with an east facing exterior wall. It is directly south of the kitchen and north of bathroom 2. It shares interior walls with the kitchen and bathroom 2, as well as the living room to the west. It is approximately 200 square feet. The kitchen is in the northeast corner of the home. It has north and east facing exterior walls and is approximately 200 square feet. It shares interior walls with the living room to the west and dining room to the south. Living room is in the northwest corner of the home and has north and west facing exterior walls. Approximately 600 square feet. It shares interior walls with all other rooms in the house. Master room is in the southwest corner of the home and has south and west facing exterior walls. It connects to the living room directly north of it, bathroom 1 to the northwest of it. It is approximately 450 square feet. It also shares interior walls to the East with common room 1. 