The balcony is on the far south side of the house, and is accessed through the living room on the north side of the balcony. This is approximately 10 feet east to west and 5 feet north to south. The bathroom is located on the far east end of the house directly between the master bedroom on its south side and common room one on its north. It has a door from the living room on its west side. it is approximately 5 feet by 5 feet Common room 1 is sandwiched at a diagonal between the kitchen to its north west and the bathroom on its south east. This room appears to have an entrance right next to the bathroom on its south side. This room is circa 10 feet by 10 feet. This room, common room 2 is located on the far west side of the building and extrudes from the south side of the living room. This room is entered on its east side through the living room. It would be about 10 feet east to west and 15 feet north to south. In this home the kitchen is located directly west of the main entrance and is accessed through the living room on the kitchen's south side. The kitchen is about 8 feet east to west and 10 feet north to south. It also sits east and a few feet north of the first common room. This establishment has a living room which acts as the main entrance to the home, with the house door being on the north side of the room. This room is approximately 15 feet wide on the south side, 30 feet on the west, and staggered walls on the east and north sides with a 5 foot doorway on the north, a 3 foot by 5 foot extrusion from the kitchen to the west of the entrance, and another 5 by 3 foot extrusion from the west of the kitchen for the first common room. The bathroom sits on the far east of the living room, south of the common room and north of the master bed room, which makes the final wall of the living room about 10 feet long north to south. The living room also features an entrance to the balcony on the south side and the access to the second common room The master bedroom of this home is located on the south east corner of the house, located south of the bathroom, and is accessed through the living room with a door likely on the north side of the bedroom directly next to the entrance of the bathroom. This room is approximately 10 feet from east to west and and 15 feet running north to south. 