The balcony is located at the northernmost point of the floorplan in the middle of the east to west axis touching the northernmost wall, a east and west facing wall as well. The balcony also touches the living room being north of the living room. The balcony is approximately 3 ft in width by 5 ft in length for a total of 15 square ft. The bathroom is located in the center of the north to south axis and lies on the westernmost wall touching the common room, living room, and master room. It is south of the common room, north of the master room, and west of the living room. The size of the bathroom is 7 ft in width by 10 ft in length for a total of 70 square ft. The common room is located in the northwest corner of the floorplan touching the westernmost wall and a north wall as well as the bathroom and living room. It is to the west of the living room and north of the bathroom. The approximate size is 12 ft in width by 15 ft in in length for a total of 180 square ft. The living room is located on the eastern side of the floorplan spanning from the southernmost wall to almost the most northern point with a northern facing door. The living room also touches the balcony, common room, bathroom, and master room where it is south of the balcony, east of the common room, east of the bathroom, and east of the master room. The living room can be broken up into 3 sections, one main living space, a hallway to the bathroom, master room, and common room, and a hallway to the balcony. The main living space is approximately 15 ft wide by 22 ft long for a total of 330 square ft. The first hallway is approximately 10 ft by 10 ft for 100 square ft and the second hallway is about 5 ft wide by 12 ft in length for 60 square ft. The total square footage is thus 490 square ft. The master room is at the southwest corner of the floorplan touching a southern wall and the westernmost wall as well as the living room and bathroom. It is west of the living room and south of the bathroom with a size of approximately 10 ft in width by 15 ft in length for 150 square ft. 