Balcony 1 is centrally located on the south side of the floor plan, south of the 12' wall of the living room.  It is about 12'x2', with the 12' side running along the 12' living room to the north. The master is to the northwest and common room 2 is to the east. Balcony 2 is centrally located on the north wall of the floorplan, north of the living room, and east of common room 3. It is about 1'x5'. The bath is on the west wall of the floor plan, between the master to the south and common room 1 to the north.  The living room is to the right.  The size of the bath is about 5'x9'. Common room 1 is on the west wall of the floor plan, north of the bath.  It is about 10'x11', with the two 10' walls running next the the bath to the south and along the outer wall to the north.  The living room is to the southeast and common room 3 is to the northeast. Common room 2 is located on the southeast corner of the floorplan, to the right of the front balcony and southeast of the living room.  It is about 10'x12'.  There is a section of living room to the north of common room 2. Common room 3 is located on the central north side of the floor plan, just left of the rear balcony, slightly north and east of common room 1.  The living room is to the south and to the east.  The size of common room 3 is about 10'x12', with the 10' walls running along the outside north wall and the living room to the south. The living room is centrally located in the house.  It's dimensions are about 12' wide across the front of the house, and 30' long.  The balcony runs along the width of the bottom south side of the living room.  Common room 2 is located to the southeast of the living room, the master is located to the southwest of the living room, the bath is centrally located to the west of the living room, and common rooms 1 and 3 are located to the northwest of the living room. The master bedroom is 10'x12', with 10' running across the front left wall of the plan and 12' running along the west side of the floor plan .  The master is to the left of the living room and south of the bath. 