The balcony is the northernmost room on the floor plan, located in the northeast portion touching the northernmost and easternmost walls and the master room. It is north of the master room and its approximate size is 12 ft in width by 4 ft in length for a total of 48 square ft. Bathroom 1 is located in the northeast portion of the floor plan touching the easternmost wall. It touches the master room and living room where it is southeast of the master and north of the living room. Bathroom 1 is approximately 7 ft in width by 7 ft in length for a total of 49 square ft. Bathroom 2 is located in the southeastern portion of the floor plan touching the easternmost wall and one of the south facing walls. It only touches the living room where it is surrounded on the western and northern wall, with a small part of its southern wall also in contact with the living room. Bathroom 2 is approximately 7 ft in width by 10 ft in length for a total of 70 square ft. Common room 1 is located in the northwest portion of the floorplan touching the master room, common room 2, living room, and a northern and western wall. It is located north of common room 2, west of the master room, and north of the living room. Common room 1 is approximately 15 ft in width by 12 ft in height for 180 total square ft. Common room 2 is also located in the northwest portion of the floorplan touching the westernmost wall, living room, and common room 1. It is located north of the living room and south of common room 1. Common room 2 is approximately 12 ft in width by 7 ft in length for a total of 84 square ft. The kitchen is located in the southwest corner of the floor plan touching one of the western walls and the southernmost wall. The kitchen only touches the living room where it is surround on its east and north side by the living room. The kitchen is approximately, 10 ft in width by 10 ft in length for 100 total square ft. The living room is located in the relative middle of the floor plan, however it does stretch to touch the southernmost, westernmost, and easternmost walls, with an eastern facing door. The living room touches the common room 2, common room 1, kitchen, bathroom 2, bathroom 1, and the master room. It lies north and east of the kitchen, north, west, and south of bathroom 2, mainly south of common room 2, south of common room 1, southwest of master room, and south of bathroom 1. The living room can be broken up into 4 smaller sections with a main living space between kitchen, common room 2 , and bathroom 2 that is approximately 25 ft in width east to west by 15 ft in length, north to south for a total of 375 square ft. The section to the right of kitchen is approximately 12 ft in width by 10 ft in length for another 120 square ft. The final portion that includes the hall to the front door and the hall to the master, common room 1, and common room 2 is approximately 120 square ft reaching a total of 615 square ft. The master room is located more north than south and towards the middle of the floor plan being more east than west. It touches bathroom 1, the balcony, common room 1, and the living room. It is located south of the balcony, northwest of bathroom 1, east of common room 1, and northeast of the living room. The master room is approximately 190 square ft. 