the balcony is on the south side of the living room, making up the entire south wall. it is approx 5ft north to south and 10 ft east to west. com room 1 is on the north west side of the balcony and the master is on the north east side of the balcony. The bathroom is on the north east corner of the living room. the entrance of the kitchen faces the west side of the bathroom, the bathroom sits between the kitchen and the com2 room, although it is not connected to the kitchen. to the east side of the bathroom is the com2 room, directly connected. The bathroom is approximately 10ft by 10 ft. Com room 1 is about 12 ft by 12 ft and can be found on the southwest corner of the living room, directly south of the kitchen, although not directly connected. Com room 1 is west, across the living room from the master room. Com room 1 is near the north west corner fo the balcony. Com room 2 is on the north east side of the property. It is connected to the bathroom on the north west side and the master on the south side. on the south west side is a door in the same area as the master and where the com room 2 connects to the living room. the com room 2 is approximately 12 ft east to west and maybe 15 ft north to south. with the master room, this room makes up the entire eastern wall of the living room, they meet in the middle and are approximately the same size. The kitchen sits on the north west corner of the living room, and only connects to the living room. The kitchen is approximately 10ft by 10ft. Although indirectly connected, the kitchen sits directly north of the com1 room and northwest of the bathroom. The living room is centrally located, connecting to every room. In the northwest corner it is connected to the kitchen. In the northeast corner, the living room connects to the bath and com2. The living room connects to the mater room on the southeast corner. On the south end of the living room is the balcony and on the southwest corner is the com1 room The living room is approximately 10 ft from east to west, with some extra areas going into the com1 and com2 and master bedroom and approximately 30 ft north to south. The master room is on the south east corner of the living room. It is directly south of the com2 room and directly east across the living room from the com1 room. The master room is approx 10 ft from east to west and 20 ft from north to south. 