The balcony size is 5 feet by 10 feet, aspect ratio of 1:2, and is located on the east side of the house, perfect for viewing the sunrise. The balcony is connected to the master room by way of a shared wall on the west side of the balcony. There are no adjoining rooms on the north, east, or south sides of the balcony. The bathroom is situated in the western side of the house, located between the kitchen and common room 1. In area, it measures 5 feet by 10 feet, laid out in a 2:1 aspect ratio. There are no adjoining rooms to the west of the bath. The living room is situated east of the bath. The kitchen adjoins on the long southern wall and the common room is connected by way of the 10 foot long north wall. At 10 feet by 10 feet in area, common room 1 occupies the northwest corner of the house. To the east, it shares a wall with the living room. The connected room south of it is the bath. There are no connected rooms along the north and west walls. Common room 2 sits in the southeast corner of the house. Measuring 15 feet by 10 feet in area, in an east to west orientation, 3:2 aspect ratio, it is the same size as the master room, but lacks a balcony. It shares a wall along the north side of the room with the master room. To the west, there is a shared wall with the living room. There are no connected rooms on the east or south walls. The kitchen is located in the southwest corner of the house. The walls, in length, are 10 feet and 5 feet with a 2:1 aspect ratio. The front door of the house opens into the kitchen and is located on the south wall at its easternmost side. The kitchen connects to the living room along its short east wall. The longer north wall is shared with the bath. There are no rooms connected on the west side of the kitchen. The living room is located in the center of the house with additional rooms connected on the east and west sides but no adjoining rooms along the north and south walls. The room measures 10 feet by 20 feet in size with its longest walls running north and south in a 1:2 aspect ratio. To the east are the common and master rooms, while the kitchen, bath, and common room 2 connect on the western wall. Located along the northern wall of the house, the sides of the master room measure 15 feet by 10 feet, oriented east to west with a 3:2 aspect ratio. This rectangular room opens to a balcony on its eastern side. It shares a southern wall with common room 1, and its western wall with the living room. 