The first balcony is located in the southeast corner of the floor plan and is 2ft by 5ft in size. The first balcony is just off of the kitchen which would be a great spot for growing herbs and veggies for the kitchen. The balcony offers a cozy spot for getting some air and realxation. The second balcony is located in the southwest corner of the floor plan and is 5ft by 5ft in size. The second balcony is located just off of the living which is convenient for getting some air or taking in the view. The balcony offers a cozy amount of outdoor space right off of the living area. The bath is located on the north side of the floor plan and is 5ft by 10ft in size offering lots of privacy. The south side of the bathroom is next to the living. the east side of the bath is next to the master and the west side of the bath is next to the common area. The bath is centrally located between most of the living areas of the home. The common is located on the northwest corner of the floor plan and is 5ft by 12ft in size. The south side of the common is next to the living area and the east side of the common is next to the bath which is very convenient. The common room hasenouth size for a bedroom space or a game room offering a lot of options for your needs. The kitchen is located in the southeast corner of the floor plan and is 5ft by 10 ft in size. The east side of the kitchen is next to the balcony which would be great for getting fresh air. The west side of the kitchen is next to the livng which would be great for entertaining. Lastly the kitchen's north side is next to the master making it centrally located. The living area is locataed on the southside of the floor plan and is 10ft by 20ft in size. The living's southeast corner is next to the kitchen which makes enertaining easy. The living's northeast corner is next to the master. Also the north side of the living is next to the bath. Then on the northwest cornerof the living is next to the common area. Lastly, the southwest corner of the living has a balcony off of it. The master is located in the northeast corner of the floor plan and is 15ft by 15ft in size. The south side of the master is next to the kitchen. The southwest corner of the master is next to the living. Lastly, the master's northwest corner is next to the bath which is very convenient. 