Balcony 1 is at the south exterior of the kitchen to the west of the bathroom, extending to the west from the main body of the home 8 ft at a 2:1 aspect ratio.  The balcony 1 is 4 feet deep north to south. Balcony 2 forms the southernmost extent of the home just south of the master room, which occupies the west southern half of the main area of the home, and south of the living area which occupies the east south half of the main area of the home.  Balcony 2 is 24 feet east to west by 4 feet deep, 6:1 aspect ratio. The bathroom is 8 feet square which extends into the kitchen on its west side where it adjoins the balcony in the southwest of the bathroom at the exterior corner where the kitchen and balcony extend west from the main area of the home. The bathroom extends into the living area on its east and north sides. 15 feet wide by 18 feet north to south, the common room forms the area to the east of the living room that extends out from the main body of the house after a slight shift south at a 1 ft exterior corner at the east side of the living area.  There are exterior walls to the north and south of the common room and it forms the easternmost extent of the home. The kitchen is 10 ft by 12 feet at a 5:6 aspect ratio length to width with the bathroom extending into the interior corner of the kitchen 2 feet from the east and 3 feet from the south.  Balcony 1 to the south of the kitchen forms the southern exterior, and the kitchen is the westernmost part of the home extending out from the main area with exterior west and north walls.  The living area to the east connects the kitchen to the rest of the home. The entrance to the home is centered on the north side of the living room.  To the east of this entrance the living room connects to the common area. To the west of the living area is the kitchen.  Both the common area and kitchen extend out to the sides from the main area of the house, forming the arms of a "T" shape, with the living area 18 feet east to west between the common area and kitchen to 8 feet south of the north exterior wall.  the bathroom cuts out about 4 feet wide by 6 feet long.  The living area is about 16 feet wide in the northern half of the home east of the bathroom and west of the common area.  The living area continues south east of the master room, and is about 12 feet wide in the southern half of the home where it extends east below the common area 20 ft further south forming the east exterior wall of the home, with the master room occupying the west half of the southern half of the home.  Both of the master room and living area join with balcony 2 which forms the south exterior extent of the home. The master room is directly west of the living area.  It has a 3:5 aspect ratio and its area is 12 feet west to east and 20 feet north to south from the southern extent where it joins the balcony. 