Balcony 1 is in the northwestern corner of the floor plan. Directly connected to room 2 south. The master also has access to balcony 1 in front(westerly of master). Living room is not connected to it. It has a size of about 20 square feet. One wall being 10 feet and the other 2 feet. It has an aspect ratio of 1:5. Balcony 2 is to the east of the floor plan. In front of the living room(easterly of the living room). The kitchen is south of balcony 2. And the bathroom is north of balcony 2. It is the same size as balcony 1 but it is rotated 90 degrees either right or left. It has about 20 square feet. It has a wall about 2 feet and another wall about 10 feet. Aspect ratio of 1:5. The floor plan only has one bathroom. It is located on the eastern wall. It is in front of the master bedroom and has direct access to it. The living room is to the west and across the living room you can find both rooms. Balcony 2 is southeast of the bath. It is about 50 square feet with a wall being 10 feet and the other 5 feet. It appears to have an aspect ratio of 1:2. Common room 1 is to the west of the floor plan. It is next to the living room and room 2. It is north of the living room and south of room 2. It is about 80 square feet with a wall being 10 feet and another 8 feet. It has an aspect ratio of 3:4. Common room 2 is also west of the floor plan. It is north of room 1. South of balcony 1. And in front( eastward) is the master room. It also has access to the living room. It appears to be the same size as room 2, that being about 80 square feet. With walls of 10 by 8 feet and a aspect ratio of about 3:4. The kitchen is next to the main entrance. It is located in the southeastern corner of the floor plan. It appears to be about 90 square feet with walls being 9 and 10 feet. The aspect ratio is close to 1:1. It is only connected to the living room. It is connected in two of its sides, the north and west side. Balcony 2 is next to the kitchen but it has no direct access. The living room is the biggest room in the apartment. It has access to the kitchen, balcony 2, the bathroom, the master bedroom and room 1 and 2. It appears to be 250 square feet approximately. It has an odd shape thus having walls different sizes, such as 10, 15 or even 20 feet. The aspect ratio could be about 7:8. When entering the apartment, it is the first room one accesses. The kitchen is to the southeast of the southern part of the living room. The balcony 2 is to the east of the living room. Then, the bathroom is to the northeast. The master room is north of the living room. And both room 1 and 2 are northwest of the living room. It is located southwest in the floor plan although it covers also the center part. The master room seems to be about 100 square feet with each side being about 10 feet. The aspect ratio seems to be about 1:1 It has access to the bathroom, balcony 1 and the living room. It is located in the northeast corner. The bathroom is to the south of the master, the balcony is west of the master. Both rooms are also in front of the master while the living room is directly south. 