The balcony 1 is located in the northeast corner of the floorplan touching the northernmost and easternmost walls as well as the kitchen and common room 2. It is north of the kitchen and east of common room 2. The approximate size of balcony 1 is 5 ft in width by 3 ft in length for a total of 15 square ft. Balcony 2 is located at the southeast corner of the floor plan touching the southernmost wall and an eastern wall as well as the living room. It lies south of the living room and its approximate size is 12 ft in width by 3 ft in length for a total of 36 square ft. The bathroom is located in the center of the floor plan on the north to south axis but is located far west touching one of the western walls. It also touches common room 1, the master room, and the living room. The bathroom is west of the living room, north of the master room, and south of the common room 1. It is approximately 4 ft wide by 7 ft in length for a total of 28 square ft. Common room 1 is located in the northwest corner of the floorplan touching the northernmost and a western wall as well as the living room, bathroom, and common room 2. It is west of common room 2, north of common room 1, and northwest of the living room. The approximate size of the common room 1 is 10 ft by 10 ft plus a little 2 ft by 2 ft section for the hallway for a total of 104 square ft. Common room 2 is located fairly centered along the east to west line being a little more east than west lying on the northern most wall also touching balcony 1, common room 1, the kitchen, and the living room. It is north of the living room, east of common room 1, and west of both balcony 1 and the kitchen. It is approximately 10 ft wide by 7 ft in length for a total of 70 square ft. The kitchen is located in the northeast portion of the floor plan touching the eastern most wall but is not the furthest north being south of balcony 1. The kitchen also touches common room 2 and the living room where it is east of common room 2 and the living room. The approximate size of the kitchen is 5 ft in width by 10 ft in length for a total of 50 square ft. The living room is located fairly centered amongst the north to south axis being a little more south overall and lies fairly centered on the east to west axis as well being a little more east than west. The living room also touches the common room 2, common room 1, bathroom, master room, kitchen, and balcony 2. It is north of balcony 2, east of the master room and bathroom, southeast of the common room 1, south of common room 2, and southwest of the kitchen. The approximate size of the living room is 12 ft in width by 20 ft in length for a total of 240 square ft. The master room is located in the southwest corner of the floor plan touching the westernmost and a southern facing wall as well as the living room and bathroom. It is west of the living room and south of the bathroom. The master room is approximately 12 ft by 12 ft for a total of 144 square ft. 