The bathroom is located in the northeast corner of the floor plan touching the northernmost and easternmost walls and also the kitchen. It is located east of the kitchen and north of master room 2. The approximate size of the bathroom is 10 ft by 4 ft for a total of 40 square ft. The common room is located in the northwestern corner of the floor plan touching the northernmost and westernmost walls and the master room 1, living room, and kitchen. It is located west of the living room, north of master room 1, and west of the kitchen. The approximate size of common room 1 is 12 ft in width by 16 ft in length for a total of 192 square ft. The kitchen is located on the north wall directly in the center of the floor plan on the east to west axis touching the northernmost wall, the bathroom, common room, and the living room. It is located north of the living room, east of the common room, and west of the bathroom. The approximate size is 12 ft in width by 4 ft in length for a total of 48 square ft. The living room is located directly center of the floor plan east to west and spans almost from the southernmost wall to the northernmost wall. It touches the kitchen, common room, master room 1, and master room 2. Being located, south of the kitchen, east of the common room, east of master room 1, and west of master room 2. The approximate size of teh living room is 15 ft in width by 25 ft in length minus a small portion where the north facing front door is for a total of 350 square ft. The master room 1 is located in the southwest corner of the floor plan. It touches the common room and living room where it is south of the common room and west of the living room. The master room is approximately 12 ft in width by 15 ft in length for a total of 180 square ft. Master room 2 is located in the southeast corner of the floor plan where it touches the northern facing wall the front door is located on, the easternmost wall, southernmost wall, and the living room. It is located east of the living room and its approximate size is 12 ft in width by 20 ft in length for a total of 240 square ft. 