The Balcony is located at the Southernmost portion of the unit. It extends 4' South of the living room, and spans the same 15' West to East of the living room. It touches only the living room. The first bathroom is located at the central Eastmost side of the unit. It is within the master bedroom, in the Northeast corner, and is only accessible through this bedroom. It measures roughly 12' wide by 8' tall, and shares a northern wall with the second bathroom. This bathroom extends nearly 6' East of the Easternmost wall of the bedroom. The Second bathroom, located in the Northeast of the unit, is connected to the living room to its West, and the first bathroom to its South. To the North of the second bathroom is the second common area. This bathroom measures roughly 12' wide by 5' tall. This bathroom extends nearly 6' East of the Easternmost wall of the bedroom. The first common room is located at the Northernmost center of the unit. It connects to the kitchen to the West, living room to the South, and second common room to the East. It is the smallest area in the unit, measuring roughly 10' wide and 7' tall. The second, larger, common area is located at the Northeast corner of the unit. It connects to the first common room to the West and the second bathroom to the South. It is roughly square in shape, measuring in around 12' by 12'. Its Southern wall is flush with the first common area, but since it is taller, the wall extends more North than the other common room. The kitchen is located in the Northwest corner of the unit, and measures roughly 12' North to South, and 8' West to East. It is connected to the first common area to the East, and the living room to the South. The largest and most central room in the plan is the spacious living room, located on the East side of the unit. It measures roughly 15' East to west, and 35' North to South for a area of more than 500 square feet. It connects to the Kitchen at the Northwest, 2 common areas North and Northeast, the second bathroom Northeast, and the master bedroom to the west. Finally, a spacious balcony connects at the south side of the living room, spanning to full West to East width of the living room. The master bedroom, located on the Eastmost side if the unit, has a roughly 14' Southern wall, 18' Eastern wall, 24' Western wall, and Northern wall that measures 7' West to East, breaks South for 8', and continues 7' to the East. The general shape of the master bedroom us that of Utah. The break in the Northeast side of the room accommodates the adjoining first bathroom. To the West of the master bedroom is the living room. The Southern wall of the bedroom is flush with the Southern wall of the living room. 