Balcony 1 is located to the east of the bathroom, and the south of the kitchen, with the kitchen's southern wall extending out a bit to form the northern wall of the balcony. Balcony 1's southern side is 5 feet long, and its eastern side is also 5 feet long. The balcony is square. Balcony 2 is located to the south of the living room, with a small indent of the master room extending down the eastern wall. it is 15 feet across horizontally and 2 feet long vertically. It forms a 1:7 ratio. The bathroom is located between the kitchen and master bedroom, with balcony 1 to the east of it. The south wall is 10 feet across, and the East wall is 5 feet long. It forms a 1:2 ratio. Common room 1 is located in the north western corner of the house, with the living room to the east and common room 2 to the south. Common room 1 extends about 6 feet further to the west than common room 2. The south wall is 20 feet across, and the western wall is 12 feet long. It forms about a 3:2 ratio Common room 2 is located in the south western corner of the house, to the south of common room 1 and to the west of the living room. The southern wall is 10 feet across, and the western wall is 10 feet long. It forms about a 2:3 ratio. The kitchen is located in the north eastern corner of the house, with the living room to the west and bathroom/balcony 1 to the south. The southern wall is 12 feet across, and the eastern wall is 8 feet long. It forms a 1:3 ratio. The living room is located in the center of the house. It is an upside down L shape. The lower wall is 15 feet across, and the western wall is 30 feet long. The southern wall on the section of the L shape that extends out in the north eastern corner of the room is 3 feet across, and the wall on the eastern edge of it is 12 feet long. The northern wall is 18 feet long and the front door is located on it, a bit off center toward the east. The western and southern walls form a 2:1 ratio, while the top right corner bit forms about a 1:4 ratio. The master room is in the south east corner of the house, with the living room to the west and the bathroom to the north. the southern wall is 15 feet long, and the western wall is 20 feet long. There is also a small 2x3 nook in the north western corner of the room. The room is square shaped apart from the north western nook. 