A second balcony leads from the second bedroom on the north side.  It is approximately 12' x 4' or 48 square feet. The main balcony is located on the south side of the living room.  A wall of windows on the north side of the balcony gives the living room ample sky view of the city.  The balcony is approximately 15' x 4' or 60 square feet. The bathroom is located on the east side of the unit between the master bedroom to the south and a second or third bedroom to the north.  The bathroom is accessed from a hallway leading from the living room.  The bathroom is approximately 7' x 6' or 42 square feet. A third bedroom is located on the northeast corner of the unit.  The second bedroom is immediately to the west and a bathroom and master bedroom are located to the south of this bedroom.  The room is accessed from a hallway leading from the living room.  This bedroom is approximately 12' x 18' or 216 square feet. A second bedroom, which could be used as an office, is located on the north side of the unit.  The dining alcove and kitchen are to the west, with a third bedroom located to the east.  This bedroom is accessed from the living room through a door located on the south side of the room.  A doorway on the north wall leads to a second smaller balcony.  This bedroom is approximately 12' x 18' or 216 square feet, including the closet. The kitchen is an open concept area from the dining alcove with an island separating the two areas.  The kitchen is located in the northwest corner of the unit and one of the two additional rooms is located on the east wall of the kitchen.  There is a doorway leading from the northeast corner of the kitchen to a second balcony located to the west of the kitchen.  The kitchen is approximately 10' x 10' or 100 square feet. The living room is located on the southwest side of the unit.  The master bedroom and bathroom are located on the east side, while two other rooms are located on the north side of the living room. One of these bedrooms, the bathroom and master bathroom are accessible from a hallway leading from the living room.  A floor to ceiling set of windows fills the south side of the living room leading to a balcony.  Part of the living room, near the entrance into the unit, creates a small dining area with the kitchen located on the north side of that dining space.  The main part of the room is approximately 15' x 22' or 330 square feet with the dining alcove containing approximately an additional 100 square feet. The master bedroom is located on the southeast side of the unit.  The door into the bedroom is accessible from a hallway leading from the living room.  The bathroom is immediately to the north east side of the master bedroom.  The master bedroom contains a walk-in closet located on the south side of the room providing ample area for the homeowner.  The room is approximately 15' x 15' or 225 square feet, including the closet. 