Balcony 1 is the north most part of the home. It is north of the kitchen and is only connected to this room. This is the smaller of the two balconies with dimensions 8ft x 2ft and an area of 16 square feet. Balcony 2 is the bigger of the two balconies and is at the south most part of the house. It is south of the living room. The dimensions are 14ft x 5ft with approximate square footage of 70 square feet. This balcony is not a perfect rectangle because the southwest corner of the master bedroom cuts into the northeast corner of the balcony. This bathroom is the only one in the house. It is east of the living room and between the master bedroom and common room 2. The approximate dimensions of the bathroom are 6ft x 5ft with an area of 30 square feet. Common room 1 is west of the living room and is at the southern part of the house. Balcony 2 is southeast of common room 1. The approximate dimensions of this room are 12ft x 8ft with an area of 96 square feet. Common room 2 is at the northeast corner of the house. It is north of the bathroom and east of the kitchen. The approximate dimensions of common room 2 are 10ft x 10ft with an area of 100 square feet. The kitchen is at the north side of the house with balcony 1 being north of the kitchen. You can enter the kitchen if you go north of the living room. Common room 2 is east of the kitchen. The approximate dimensions are 10ft x 6ft with an area of 60 square feet. The living room is centrally located in the home. The kitchen, common rooms 1 and 2, master bedroom, and balcony 2 are all connected to the living room. The front entrance into the house is on the west side and enters into the living room. The approximate dimensions are 12ft x 20ft which is 240 square feet; however, it is not a perfect rectangular shape. The master bedroom is on the southeast corner of the house. It branches off from the living room. The only bathroom in the house is north of the master bedroom and balcony 2 is located at the southwest corner of the master bedroom. The master bedroom is approximate dimensions are 12ft x 10ft which is 120 square feet. 