The bathroom is located on the West side of the home. The bathroom is the smallest room in the home, being 5 ft in width and 5 ft in height. Next to the bathroom on the North side is the kitchen, the East side is the living room, and on the South side is the common room 1. The common room 1 is located on the West side of the home. The common room 1  is 10 ft in width and 10 ft in length. Next to the common room 1 on the North side is the Bathroom, Eastside is the living room, and on the South side in the Southwest corner of the home is the common room 2. The common room 2 is located in the Southwest corner of the home. The common room 2 is 12 ft in length and 10 ft in width. On the North side of the East side of the common 2 room is the master room, and in the North side is common room 1. The kitchen is located in the Northwest corner of the home. The kitchen is 5 ft in width and 10 ft in length. Next to the kitchen on the East side is the living room and located South is bath room. The living room is located in the Northeast corner of the home. The living room widths and lengths vary due to the different rooms lengths located next to the living room on the West and East portions of the home. The width of the portion of the living room that's located next to the kitchen thats in the Northwest corner of the home is 20 ft. Southward of the kitchen is the Bathroom, and the width of the living room that's located next to the Bathroom is 22 ft. Southward of the Bathroom is the common room 1. The width of the living room that is located next to the common room 2 is 2 ft. As described earlier, the lengths of the living room vary as well due to the rooms located Southward of the living room. Common 2 room is located in the Southwest corner of the home and is Southward of common room 1 . The portion of the length of the living room that is located on the West side between the common room 1 , the South side common 2 room, and on the East side the master room is 25 feet. The length of the portion of the living room that is located next to the master room that is located in the Southeast corner of the home is 20 ft. The home's entrance is located by the Northwest corner of the living room on the Northside wall of the home. The master room is located in the Southeast corner of the home. The master room is 10 ft wide and 20 ft in width. On the North side of the master room is the living room, and on the West side is the Southwest corner is the common 2 room. 