The balcony is located on the southern wall towards the east side of the house.  It is located and accessed through the living room.  It is 2 feet on the east/west sides and 10 feet on the north/south sides. The bathroom is located on the north side of the home in between the kitchen and common room 1. It connects to both those room, as well as the living room by small hallway. It is 5 feet by 5 feet in size. The common room 1 is located in the northwest corner of the home.  The bathroom is immediately to the east and the common room 2 is to the south.  It connects to the living room via small hallway that is shared with common room 2.  It is 10 by 10 feet with a small indented area in the southeast corner of a couple feet. The common room two is located directly south of common room 1 and north of the master bedroom.  It is west of the living room to which it connects via small hallway shared with common room 1. It is 10 by 10 feet with a small indent of a couple feet in the northeast corner. The kitchen is located in the northeast corner of the house.  It connect via small hallway to the living room. The bathroom is also in the hall to the west of the kitchen and further west is the common room 1. It is 8 feet on the north/south walls by 10 feet on the east/west walls. The living room is the largest room in the house.  It is oddly shaped with the dimensions of approximately 12 feet on the very southern wall, 12 feet on the eastern most wall which goes in about two to three feet and back up another feet to the northernmost wall and includes an exterior door.  The northern wall is five foot leading into a hallway type area that is a couple feet each wall and then another end of the northern wall leading to another small hallway of the same small dimensions. the western wall to the north is about 12 feet then juts east a couple of feet and then is another 12 feet long. This room is centrally located and connects to all other rooms in the house. The master bedroom is located in the southwest corner of the house.  It connects to the living room by the eastern wall and the common room 2 is to the north of it.  It is around 11 feet on the north and south walls by 12 feet on the east and west walls. 