The balcony is located on the bottom left of the house. The perimeter of it is about 40 feet. The common room two and the master are to the right of it. The living room and kitchen are directly above it. The bathroom one has a perimeter of about 26 feet. It is located in the middle of the house with the common room one directly to the right of it. The living room hallway is directly below it with the common room two below the hallway. The balcony is across the living room, below it, and to the left of bathroom one. The perimeter of bathroom two is about 20 feet. The living room hallway and master bedroom lead directly into it. It is located in the middle-right side of the house. The common room one and bathroom one can be found by going up and to the left about 20 feet. Common room one is located on the upper-left side of the house. The perimeter of it is about 40 feet. Bathroom one is to the left of it while bathroom two and the master bedroom are underneath it and the right slightly. Common room two is located in the middle of the bottom side of the house. The perimeter is about 50 feet. The master bedroom is to the right of it while the balcony is directly to the left of it. The bathroom one and common room one are located above it across the living room hallway. The perimeter of the kitchen is about 34 feet. It is located in the top left corner of the house. The living room, bath one, and the common room one are to the immediate right of it. The balcony, common room two, and the master bedroom are underneath it and to the right of it. The perimeter of the living room is about 80 feet. It is located in the middle of the other rooms in the house. It is specifically in between the kitchen and the balcony. The hallways for the living room stretches about 13 feet across past the bath one, two common rooms, and leading into the bath number two. The master room is in the bottom right corner of the house. The perimeter of it is about 60 feet. The master leads into bath two which is in front of it. The common room one is to the left of it. 