The balcony is on the west side of the house. To the east is the living room, and house exterior to the north, west, and south. It is about 4 feet wide by 19 feet long. Bathroom 1 is on the north side of the house and it is situated in the northeast corner of the master. To the north is house exterior, to the east is the storage room, and the master to the south and west. It is about 8 feet wide by 6 feet long. Bathroom 2 is on the south side of the house. It is situated in the living room against the south wall near west of the main entry. To the south is house exterior. It is about 7 feet wide by 5 feet long. The common room is on the north side of the house. To the north and east are house exterior, to the south is the living room, and to the west is the storage room and living room alcove. It is about 15 by 15 feet. The kitchen is on the east side of the house. To the west is the living room, and house exterior to the north, east, and south. It is about 5 feet wide by 19 feet long. The living room is central to the house. To the west is the balcony and to the east is the kitchen. To the north are the master and common room, and between them is an alcove leading to the storage room. To the south is house exterior and the main entry. Bathroom 2 is situated in the living room against the south wall directly west of the main entry. It is about 50 feet wide by 19 feet long, plus another 16 feet by 6 feet for the alcove, and minus the area of bathroom 2. The master is on the north side of the house. It is L-shaped with bathroom 1 situated in the northwest corner. To the north and west are house exterior, to the south is the living room, and to the east is the living room alcove. It is about 22 feet wide by 15 feet long, minus the area of bathroom 1. The storage room is on the north side of the house. To the north is house exterior, to the east is the common room, to the south is the living room alcove, and bathroom 1 to the west. It is about 16 feet wide by 6 feet long. 