The Balcony is located on the south side of the layout.  Is it located in the center of the layout.  The Balcony is below the Living room.  The Balcony is 5 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Bathroom 1 is located on the north side of the layout.  Bathroom 1 is in between the Kitchen and Master room 1 and sits above the Living room.  Bathroom 1 is 6 feet in length and 5 feet in width. Bathroom 2 is the en suite in Master room 2.  Bathroom 2 is located in the north west corner of the Master room 2.  Master room 1 is above Bathroom 2.  The Bathroom 2 is 5 feet in length and 8 feet in width. The Common Room is located in the south west corner of the layout.  Is it located in the L-shape of the Living room.  The Living room is to the above and to the left of the Common Room.  The Common room is 10 feet in width and 15 feet in length. The Kitchen is located in the upper north west corner of the layout.  Bathroom 1 is next to the Kitchen on the east side and the Living room is located below the Kitchen.  The Kitchen is 10 feet in length and 2 feet in width.  The Kitchen should be next on the layout because it starts the focus of the north side. The Living room is in the center of the floor plan and makes an L shape to the west.  It is in front of the Kitchen and Bathroom 1, next to Master room 2 and above the Balcony.  The south side of the Living room is 10 feet in length, the north and east sides of the Living room is 20 feet in length and the west side is 10 feet in length.  The L-shape part of the Living room is 5 feet width and 10 feet length.  The Living room is the most important because it takes up the majority of the layout and takes up the center of the layout. The Master room 1 is located in the north east corner of the layout.  The Master room 1 is next to the bathroom 1 on the east side and above Master room 2 and Bathroom 2.  The southwest corner of the Master room 1 is connected to the Living room as well.  The size of the Master room 1 is 15 feet in length and 10 feet in width. The Master room 2 is located in the south east corner of the layout.  There is also an en suite of bathroom 2 in the north corner of the Master room 2.  The Master room 2 is located under the Master room1 and next to the Living room.  The Master room 2 is 10 feet in width and 20 feet in length. 