The balcony is located at the back of the house and is around 11 feet by 7 feet in size, this shares one wall with the master room, and one small entrance to the living room. the rest of the walls are shared with the outside. The bathroom is the smallest room of this floor plan with a size of around 6 feet by 5 feet and almost the same size as the small entrance to the living room. the bathroom is situated on the left-hand side of the living immediately as you enter the living room. The bathroom is joined by 2 walls with the living room, and 1 wall with the common room. the bathroom also shares an outside wall to the front of the house. The common room is about 12 feet by 18 feet and is located through a small hallway on the left-hand side of the living room. the common room is almost a full rectangle shape however, small walls at the back of the common room are taken up by the master bedroom. The common room shares walls with the bathroom, master bedroom and the outside. The outside is seen by 3 walls. The kitchen is one of the smallest areas of this floor plan with a size of about 10 feet by 8 feet, this is situated on the right side immediately as you enter into the living room, having its own walls to the outside of the property, and 2 which as connected with the living room. the kitchen shares 3 walls with the outside, the largest being about 10 feet wide, this is on the same side as the entrance door, the next is the back wall of the kitchen about 8 feet wide, sharing the outside wall with the side of the house, then a small 2 foot wall which makes a 90 degree turn from the side of the house towards itself and joins with the living room wall. The living room is the largest room in the property with a size of about 12 feet by 20 feet, this is the first room that you enter through the door, with a bathroom on the left hand side as you enter, and a kitchen on the right hand side as you enter. The living room is narrow at the start with a size of about 5 feet by 6 feet, which then expands to about 12 feet by 20 feet. The living room joins the rest of the other rooms, to the left a small hallway leading into the common room, past the hallway to the left is the master bedroom, past that on the left-hand side is a small balcony. The living room has a straight right hand side wall, leading to the back wall. The master room is the second biggest living space available with a size of about 11 feet by 15 feet and joins the same walls as the living room on the right side of the master room, a small rear corner of the master room joins the same wall as the common room, the back wall of the master room shares it's wall with the balcony, both having the same size wall. The master room is a rectangle shape with all 4 walls being straight with no indentations. 