Balcony 1 spans roughly 15ft x 5ft and is located in the South western most corner of the property.  The Balcony extends off of the Living room and is the full length of the living room which is situated to it's North. Balcony 2 spans roughly 12ft x 5ft and is located in the North of the property directly east off of the kitchen and North of the Bathroom. The Bathroom is roughly 11ft x 5ft in size and located just off of the North East corner of the Living.  The Bathrooms entrance is on it's southern edge and leads into the main hallway of the property.  The Bathroom is south of the northern balcony 2 and therefore may have a window for natural lighting on it's northern side. The Common Room 1 is located on the South central end of the property and can be found situated between the living room and Master Bedrooms.  The Common Room 1 stands roughly 10ft x 12ft in size. The Common Room 2 is located in the North Eastern corner of the property with entrance on it's south western corner into the main hallway.  The Common Room 2 is situated between the Bathroom and master Bedrooms in the. The Kitchen is roughly 10ft x 9ft and located in the North end of the property.  It is adjacent to the front foyer/entrance to it's immediate west, front balcony to it's east, and the the living room to it's South.  The Kitchen being at the North of the property and next to the entrance has a direct view of the front of the property. The Living Room is connected to the entrance foyer and is rectangular in shape, measuring roughly 15ft x 25ft (excluding foyer and hallway dimensions).  The Room provides a direct view from the properties front entrance to the rear balcony for light to flow through the room without obstruction.  The Living room is directly connected to kitchen, which resides beside the foyer and front entrance, to it's North, and the balcony to the south.  The Connected hallway intersects the middle of the living rooms length on the eastern edge of the room and leads to the bathroom, two (2) common rooms and the master bedroom The Master Bedroom is rectangular in shape and roughly 13ft x 20ft in size.  The Master bedroom is on the South Eastern most side of the property and connected to the rest of the property via the main hallway which connects to the living room, both common rooms, and bathroom respectfully.  The Master Bedroom has a small extension to it's rectangular shape on it's North end adding an additional 3ft x 8ft of space; the extension would be an excellent place to install a bay window for reading and sitting, a large closet space, or an on-suite private bathroom.  The entrance to the Master Bedroom is on the North Eastern most corner of the room 