The balcony is located in the northeast corner of the floor plan. The living room's northern side touches the southern part of the balcony. The common room is directly west of the balcony. The length of the balcony is 8 feet and the width is 10 feet. The area of the balcony is 80 square feet. The bathroom is located on the west side of the floor plan. The bathroom is in between the master bedroom and the kitchen - the master bedroom sits north of the bathroom while the kitchen is south of the bathroom. The length of the bathroom is 3 feet and the width is 8 feet. The square footage of the bathroom is 24 square feet. The common room is on the north side of the floor plan. The common room is located in between the master bedroom and the balcony - the master bedroom is next to the common room"s left side and the balcony is next to the common room"s right side. The common room's length is 8 feet and its width is 10 feet. The square footage of the common room is 80 square feet. The kitchen is in the southwest corner of the floor plan. The bathroom is directly north of it and the living room is next to it on its eastern side. The length of the kitchen is 5 feet and the width is 8 feet. The square footage for the kitchen is 40 square feet. The living room is the largest section of this floorplan located in the southeast. The front entrance is located at the southeast corner of the living room, Its western edges face the kitchen and bathroom, the northwestern corner faces the master bedroom, the northern part faces the common room, and the northeast corner faces the balcony. The length is 33 feet from the front entrance to the starting point of the balcony and the width is 30 feet. The square footage of the living room is 990 square feet. The master bedroom is in the northwest corner of the floor plan. The bathroom is south of it and the common room is east of it. The master bedroom also touches the northwestern part of the living room. The master bedroom's length is 10 feet and its width is 10 feet. The square footage of the master bedroom is 100 square feet. 