The Balcony is on the south end of the house. it is about 2 feet in length and 5 feet in width. The living room is located to the north of it on the floor below. The master bedroom is located to the east of it The bathroom is located at the west of the house. It is about 8 feet in length by 5 feet in width. The storage room is connected to the storage room which is located to the north of it. The master bedroom is connected to it as well and can be reached to the south. The living room is located towards the northeast of the room. The first common room is located at the northwest corner of the house. It is about 8 feet in length and 10 feet in width. The second common room can be found to the east of the room. The living room can be found southeast of the room. The storage room can be found south of the room. The second common room it is about 8 feet in length and 10 feet in width. The first common room can be found to the west of the room. The kitchen is to the east of the room. The living room is located south of the room. The kitchen is located at the north of the house. It is about 5 by 10 feet. The second common room can be found connected to it just to the east of it and the living room and be reached to the south of it. The living room is the first room located at the entrance of the house. It is about 25 feet in length and 15 feet in width. The kitchen is located north relative to the living room, as well as common rooms 1 and 2. West of the living room you can find the storage, bathroom, and master bedroom. To the south of the living room you will find the balcony on the second floor. The Master room is located at the southwest corner of the house. It is about 17 feet in length and 12 feet in width. The living room is located east of the room. The bathroom is located north of the room. The balcony is located east of the room on the second floor. The storage room is located at the west of the house, above the bathroom. It is about 4 feet in length and 2 feet in width. The living room can be found to the east of it. The bathroom can be found south of the storage room. The first common room can be found north of it. 