Location:The absolute location of the balcony in the floor plan is south west corner.Relationship:The absolute location of the balcony in the floor plan is en suite to living room.Size:The area of the balcony in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of bathroom 1 in the floor plan is east side.Relationship:The absolute location of bathroom 1 in the floor plan is next to common room 1 and near bathroom 2.Size:The area of bathroom 1 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of bathroom 2 in the floor plan is east side.Relationship:The absolute location of bathroom 2 in the floor plan is en suite to master room.Size:The area of bathroom 2 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of common room 1 in the floor plan is north  east corner.Relationship:The absolute location of common room 1 in the floor plan is next to kitchen.Size:The area of common room 1 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of common room 2 in the floor plan is south side.Relationship:The absolute location of common room 2 in the floor plan is near master room.Size:The area of common room 2 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the kitchen in the floor plan is north side.Relationship:The absolute location of the kitchen in the floor plan is opposite to common room 2 and near common room 1.Size:The area of the kitchen in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is west side.Relationship:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is opposite to kitchen,common room 1,bathroom 1,bathroom 2,master room and common room 2.Size:The area of the living room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is south east corner.Relationship:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is next to bathroom 2 and near common room 2.Size:The area of the master room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. 