Within the Northeast corner of the home is the bathroom. The bathroom is 5 ft in width and 10 ft in length. Next to the bathroom, Southward, is the living room. Next to the bathroom located Westward is the kitchen. On the eastern wall of the house, located southward of the bathroom, is the home's entrance. The com room is located in the Northwest corner of the home. The com room is en suite of the living room, bathroom, kitchen, storage, and master room. The com room is 20 ft in length and 20 ft in width. 10 ft on the eastern side wall of the com room is the kitchen. The storage room is on the West wall of the home, located southward from the com room. The kitchen is located ensuite of the living room and the bathroom. The kitchen, similar to the bathroom, is also 5 ft in width and 10 ft in length. On the Western side of the kitchen is the com room. On the Eastern side of the kitchen is the bathroom on the Southern portion of the kitchen in the living room. Situated on the Eastern side corner of the home, laterally the living room. The living room is surrounded by the master room, storage room, and com room on the westward side, and the kitchen and bathroom on the northern side. The southernmost and Easternmost side of the living room is 30 feet in length. The living room varies in width. The portion of the living room on the Southern side of the home, next to the master bedroom that's located Southwestern corner of the home, is 10 ft in width. Within the center portion of the living room, located next to the storage room, is 20 ft in width. Within the most Norther side of the living room is the com room, kitchen, and the bathroom; the width of that section of the living room is 15 ft. On the Eastern side wall of the living room, located Northern is the entrance of the home. Located in the Southwest corner of the home is the master room. The master room, 10 ft on the northern side wall, is located next to the storage room, and is next to the living room 20 ft on the eastern side wall. The master bedroom is 20 ft in length and 20 ft in width, The storage room is located between the com and master rooms. The storage room is 5ft in width and 10 ft in length. The Northern wall of the storage room is the com room, and on the southward wall of the storage room is the master room. On the 5 ft, Eastern side wall of the storage room is the living room. 