The bathroom is located in a central northern part of the floor plan, not touching any of the outside edges. To the north is the storage room, to the west is the kitchen and both south and east are touching the living room. The room is roughly a square, with all sides being approximately 10 feet long. Common room 1 is located on the western side of the floor plan, starting roughly halfway down from the northern edge and continuing for another quarter length of the north/south side. It extends out from the rest of the rooms, which form a rectangle. It is approximately 10 feet by 10 feet, with about 8 feet shared by the common room 2 on the east edge and 2 feet shared with the living room above the common room 2. The common room 2 is located in the south west corner of the floor plan. To the east, it shares an edge with the master room and to the north is the living room. About half of the west edge on the northern side is shared with common room 1. Common room 2 is about 11 feet on the north/south edges and 20 feet on the east/west edges. The kitchen is located on the north-west corner of the floor plan with the storage room and bathroom to the east, with the bathroom south of the storage room. South of the kitchen is the living room. The kitchen is approximately 12 feet, matching the combined length of the storage and bathroom exactly, by 4 feet. The living room is located centrally in the floor plan. It's width extends from east edge to west edge, disregarding the extension from common room 1. The living room on the eastern edge extends to the north edge of the floor plan. This equates to a square area of approximately 24 by 24 feet, however the northwestern corner of that square is cut out for the kitchen, storage room, and bathroom. The living room touches all other rooms, with the storage, and bathroom below it, located on the right side of the cut-out corner, with the kitchen to the west of those two rooms. Thus, the living room touches both the south and east edge of the bathroom. The master and common room 2 are to the south. About two feet of the common room 1 shares an edge with the southern part of the west edge. The door is located on the very north corner of the eastern edge. The master room is located in the south east corner of the floor plan. To the west, it shares an edge with the common room 2 and to the north is the living room. The edge it shares with the common room 2 is about 20 feet and the southern/northern edges are about 13 feet. The storage room is located on the north edge of the floor plan. It is located between the kitchen on the west side and the living room on the east and is north of the bathroom. It is approximately 10 feet along the wall and 2 feet out from the wall. 