The balcony is outside the kitchen on the eastern wall is a balcony, which is approximately 6 foot tall by 2 foot wide - 2:1 for an area of 12 foot. It extends north - south exactly along the length of the kitchen Bathroom 1 is in the top east of the building - adjacent to the master bedroom. it is approximately 11 xfoot wide and 3 foot tall giving a total area of 33 foot. It meets both the north and east exterior walls. bathroom 2 is situated below the kitchen and adjacent to the living room. It fills in the remaining space and is approximately 4 x 4 foot , 1:1 and 16 foot in total area. common room one is to the east of the building, and is approximately 12 foot wide by 8 foot tall. It fills in the gap left to the north east of the living room and is immediately below the master bedroom. Common room two takes up the remaining space. It is on the east side of the building, below bathroom 1 and adjacent to the master bedroom and the northern most tip of the living room. It is approximately 11 x 11 foot, ratio of 1:1 and has a total area of 121 foot. The Kitchen is against the east exterior wall. It's northern boundary is aligned with the top of the most eastern part of the living room, and it is approximately 6 foot tall by 3 foot wide 3:1 for a total area of 18 foot. The living room is a very odd shape so I am going to describe to you the lengths and directions of the walls.  It starts in the south west of the building, right up against the south and west exterior walls. It extends 20 foot North and 15 foot east.. It then extends north by about 8  feet and then east by a further 4. Now it's south by 14 foot and east by about 6 to meet the westward exterior of the wall. Along the south side of the living room there is a tiny extension, about 2 foot from the East exterior wall which is 3 foot wide and 2 foot deep. In the crevice left by  the living room against the eastern exterior wall is the kitchen and a second bathroom. The master room is in the north west of the building, against the northern and western exterior walls. It is 17 foot wide and 11 foot tall, for an area of 187 foot. It ends above the tallest part of the livingroom, and is also above the first community room. 