The balcony is located on the southwestern and south central positions of the plan. The balcony touches the living room, common room 2, and master room and has a long rectangular shape. The balcony is approximately 150 square feet in size. The bathroom 1 is the second smallest room on the floor plan and is located in the north central portion of the plan. The bathroom 1 touches the living room and common room 1 and has a rectangular shape. The bathroom 1 is approximately 50 square feet in size. The bathroom 2 is located in the west central portion of the plan. The bathroom 2 touches the living room, common room 1, and master room and has a rectangular shape. The bathroom 2 is approximately 60 square feet in size. The common room 1 is located in the northeastern portion of the plan. The common room 1 touches the living room, bathroom 1, and bathroom 2 and has a rectangular shape. The common room 1 is approximately 100 square feet in size. The common room 2 is located in the central portion of the plan. The common room 2 touches the living room, balcony, and master room and has a rectangular shape. The common room 2 is approximately 121 square feet in size. The kitchen is the smallest room on the floor plan and is located in the north central portion of the plan. The kitchen touches only the living rooms and has a rectangular shape. The kitchen is approximately 49 square feet in size. The living room is largest room on the floor plan and is located in the northwest and north central portions of the plan. The living room touches all the other rooms on the floor plan and has an asymmetrical shape which resembles a lowercase "r". The living room is approximately 600 square feet in size. The master room is the second largest room on the floor plan and is located in the southeastern portion of the plan. The master room touches the bathroom 2, common room 2, and balcony and has an asymmetrical shape which resembles a capital "L". The master room is approximately 250 square feet in size. 