The balcony is on the far south of the property, adjacent to the full width of the living room to the north and to the master bedroom to the west. It is a rectangular area of an estimated 36 feet square, with a length of 12 feet and a width of 3 feet. Bathroom 1 is on the west side of the property. It seems encased to the south by bedroom 1 and is adjacent to bathroom 2 and the living room to the north. It is a rectangular room estimated at 40 feet square, with an approximate length of 8 feet and width of 5 feet. Bathroom 2 is located on the west of the property, between the common room 1 in the north, the living room to the east and bathroom 1 in the south. It is a rectangular room of approximately 36 feet, with a length of 9 feet and width of 4 feet. The first biggest room on the property is located in the north west and is adjacent with bathroom 2 and the living room to the south and with the common room 2 to the east. It is approximately 110 feet square, with a ratio of 11:10. Common room 2 is a rectangular room at the north of the property, adjacent to the west with common room 1 and to the kitchen on the east. There is direct access to the living room on the south. It is approximately 90 feet square, with a length of 10 feet and width of 9 feet. The kitchen in the north east of the property and is adjacent to the living room in the south and common room 2 on the west. It is a rectangular room approximately 70 feet square with an estimated length of 10 feet and width of 7 feet. The property is accessed via the living room, on the west side. It has a central location in the property as there is access to all the other rooms of the property from the living room, as well as the balcony. It is in an L shape. The area of the space is approximately 364 sqrt feet, with a maximum length on 25 feet on the east side and 20 feet on the north. The master room is the second biggest room of the house with direct access from the living room. It is located in the south west of the property. It is south to bathroom 1. It has an area of approximately 165 square feet (12 by 10) and seems to encase bathroom 1 to the north via a short 3 by 2 foot appendix. 