The balcony 1 is located at the southwest point of the floor plan touching the southernmost and a western wall as well as the living room. The balcony 1 lies south of the living room and is approximately 12 ft in width by 4 ft in length for a total of 48 square ft. Balcony 2 is located in the center of the east to west axis and furthest north of the plan touching the northernmost wall and an eastern facing wall. It also touches the kitchen, bathroom, and living room being located east of the kitchen, north of the bathroom, and north of the living room. Balcony 2 is approximately 10 ft in width by 3 ft in length for a total of 30 square ft. The bathroom is located in the middle of the floor plan on the east to west axis but far more north than south on the north to south axis. It touches the balcony, living room, and common room where it is located south of the balcony, west of the common room, and northeast of the living room. The bathroom is approximately 5 ft in width by 5 ft in length for a total of 25 square ft. The common room is located in the northeast portion of the floor plan touching a northern wall and the easternmost wall as well as the bathroom, living room, and the master room. It is east of the bathroom and living room and north of the master room. The approximate size of the common room is 10 ft wide by 12 ft in length for a total of 120 square ft. The kitchen is located at the northwest most corner of the floor plan touching the westernmost and northernmost walls as well as the balcony and living room. It is west  of the balcony and north of the living room. The approximate size of the kitchen is 10 ft by 5 ft for a total square footage of 50 square ft. The living room is located on one of the western walls of the floor plan taking up the middle 75% of the floor plan on the north to south axis with a western facing front door. The living room touches the kitchen, balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom, common room, master room, and the balcony. It is south of the kitchen and balcony, southwest of the bathroom and common room, north of the balcony, and west of the master room. The approximate size of the living room is 15 ft in width by 25 ft in length for a total square footage of 600 sq ft. The master room is located at the southeast corner of the floor plan touching a southern wall and easternmost wall as well as the common room and living room. The master room is south of the common room and east of the living room. It has an approximate size of 12 ft in width by 15 ft in length for a total of 180 square ft. 