The balcony is located in the far Southern part of the floor plan, bordering the master bedroom directly to its North. The length of the balcony is approximately 10 feet, while the width is approximately 5 feet. The area of the balcony is approximately 50 sq. ft. The bathroom is located in the North part of the floor plan, situated in a corner right above the living room. The length and width of the bathroom are approximately 5 feet each. The area of the bathroom is approximately 25 sq. ft. The common room is located in the far South-West part of the floor plan, bordering the living room to its North-East corner while bordering the master bedroom directly to its East side. The length of the common room is approximately 15 feet, while the width of the common room is approximately 10 feet. The area of the common room is approximately 150 sq. ft. The kitchen is located in the North-East part of the floor plan. It is bordering the living room to the West. The length of the kitchen is approximately 10 feet, while the width of the kitchen is approximately 5 feet. The area of the kitchen is approximately 50 sq. ft. The living room is located in the Northern part of the floor plan, connected to a small bathroom, a kitchen, and a master bedroom while bordering a common room in the far South-Western part of the floor plan. The length of the living room is approximately 25 feet, while the the width is approximately 15 feet. The area of the living room is approximately 375 sq.ft. The living room is situated in an approximate center of the floor plan, making it and ideal focal point and first impression of the floor plan. There is an entry way in the South-Eastern corner of the living room. The master bedroom is located in the South-West part of the floor plan. It is bordering a common room to the West, a balcony to its South, and a living room to its North. The length and width of the master bedroom are approximately 10 feet each. The area of the master bedroom is approximately 100 sq. ft. 