In the House there is a single balcony which is located on the South-West side of the house, the only way to access it is from the living room.The balcony area is about 102ft2, the width is 6ft x 17ft in length.In fact, the balcony extends for the same length as the living room. The bathroom is located in the northern part of the house.The room area is approximately 45ft2, the width is 9ft x 5ft in length.The room adjoins the kitchen on the south side, the main room on the west side, and the common room 1 on the east side. The dining room is located in the north-eastern part of the house.The room area is approximately 143ft2, the width is 11ft x 13ft in length.The room adjoins the kitchen and bathroom on the west side, and the dining room on the south side. The dining room is located in the south-eastern part of the house.The room area is approximately 140ft2, the width is 14ft x 10ft in length.The room adjoins the dining room on the north side, and the living room on the west side. The dining room is located in the eastern part of the house.The room area is approximately 84ft2, the width is 14ft x 6ft in length.The room adjoins the kitchen and common room 1 on the north side, the living room on the west side, and common room 2 on the south side. The kitchen is located in the northern part of the house.The room area is approximately 63ft2, the width is 9ft x 7ft in length.The room adjoins the bathroom on the north side, the masterroom on the west side, the living room and the dining room on the south side, and the common room 1 room on the east side, it is also the only room not to have access to the external walls, and therefore without windows. The living room is located on the south side of the house, and is the first room you come across when you enter.The room area is approximately 374ft2; the width is 22ft x 17ft in length.The room has a balcony on the west side, it also borders the master room and the kitchen on the north side, and the dining room and the common room 2 on the east. The master bedroom is located in the north-west part of the house.The room area is approximately 195ft2, the width is 15ft x 13ft in length.The room adjoins the bathroom and kitchen on the east side, and the living room on the south side. 