Balcony 1 is on the northwest corner of the house. It is outside of the living room and master bedroom. The south side of it is 10 feet on the living room side. the west side is 2 feet on the outside wall. The north side is 10 feet on the outside wall. The east side is 2 feet on the mater bedroom side, Balcony 2 is south of the Corn room. It is east of the living room and bathroom. The east wall is 4 feet on the outside wall. The south is 5 feet on the outside wall. The west is 4 feet, half that touches the bathroom and half that touches the living room. The north is 5 feet touching common room. balcony 3 is south of the bathroom and east of the kitchen. The south and north walls are 5 feet. The east and west are 2 feet. The north wall is on the bathroom side. and the west side is touching the kitchen. The other two walls are outside walls. The bathroom is in the middle off of the kitchen and living room on the southern wall. It is east of both the living and kitchen. It is north of the balcony 3 that is attached to the kitchen. The southern wall of the bathroom is by the balcony and 1 foot long. The east and west walls are 2 feet. The north all is 3 feet. Balcony 2 is on the east side of the bath. The common room is attached to the master bedroom. It is a cut in. It is on the east side of the house. The is a balcony to its south. The east side is 8 feet. The south side is 10 feet. The west side cuts into the master bedroom with 4 feet outside the master attached to the living room and 4 feet inside the master bedroom. The north side is 5 feet on the side of the master bedroom to hit the outside wall. kitchen is southeast of the living room. It is in a tiny space. There is a balcony and a bath to the east of it. The living room is to the west. It is on the edge of the door to the living room. It is a square space with all four walls being 5 feet. Middle of the left hand (west) side. Entry way on the South (3 feet long). There is a balcony off of the north side that is about 10 feet long. There is a cutout on the east side. It juts around the master bedroom, corn room, bathroom and kitchen. So it is not a square room. The western side is on the outside of the house and is about 20 feet long. Starting at the door: South 5 feet. West side- 20 feet. North side- 10 feet. East 10 feet, cut eastern 3 feet, draw south 3 feet, draw east 1 foot, draw south 1 foot. South side- draw west 4 feet, south 1 foot, west 2 feet, south 2 feet to meet the door. The master is on the Northeast corner. The north side is five feet long on the outside of the house. The West side meets the balcony and the living room. The length is 15 feet. The southern side has a cut out where the Corn is. South side 2 foot wall, go north 2 feet, go east 2 feet. (this makes the walls of the corn cutout). Eastern wall- 12-feet (outside wall). North wall. 10 feet. (outside wall) 