The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, master room. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, master room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, balcony, living room, master room. I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. It would be good to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4? The kitchen attaches to the balcony, living room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 3 ? Can we have common room 3 to be at north east corner.  I would like to have common room 3 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom.  