Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 2. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room, kitchen, living room. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the bathroom, kitchen, balcony 1. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room, balcony 1, balcony 3. Can we have a balcony 1 ? It would be great to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, kitchen, balcony 3, living room. The balcony 2 should be considered. It would be good to place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7.  The balcony 2 connects to the master room, balcony 3. It would be good to have a balcony 3 . It would be great to place balcony 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make balcony 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony 3 attaches to the kitchen, balcony 1, balcony 2, living room. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? 