I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, storage. It would be great to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, storage. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, storage. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, storage. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the living room. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. Can we have a storage ? Place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The storage attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. 