It would be great to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, storage 1. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room, living room, storage 2, dining room. Make a common room . I would like to place common room at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the bathroom, living room, storage 2. It would be good to have a living room . Can you make living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? Make a storage 1 . It would be good to place storage 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make storage 1 about 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2. The storage 1 connects to the master room, living room, storage 2. Can you make a storage 2 ? It would be great to place storage 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage 2 about 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2. The storage 2 connects to the bathroom, common room, living room, storage 1, dining room, kitchen. It would be great to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The dining room should be next to the bathroom, living room, storage 2, kitchen. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The kitchen attaches to the living room, storage 2, dining room. 