It would be great to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, master room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, bathroom, entrance, living room. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, entrance. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The kitchen should be next to the master room, bathroom, entrance. It would be great to have a entrance . I would like to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have entrance about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13. The entrance should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Make a living room . I would like to have living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. 