Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, common room 2, balcony, storage. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, balcony, storage. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, balcony, storage. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room, common room 2. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room, kitchen. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, living room. I would like to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7. The storage connects to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, living room. 