The common room should be considered. It would be great to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Make common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the bathroom, balcony 1, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  It would be great to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room, balcony 1, living room, master room, balcony 2. Can we have a balcony 1 ? It would be great to place balcony 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8.  The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, bathroom, living room, master room, storage. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the living room, master room, balcony 2, storage. It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony 1, living room, kitchen, balcony 2, storage. Make a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the bathroom, kitchen, master room, storage. Make a storage . I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage about 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The storage should be next to the balcony 1, kitchen, master room, balcony 2. 