I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom 1, balcony, bathroom 2, bathroom 3. The bathroom 1 should be considered. I would like to place bathroom 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 attaches to the kitchen, master room, common room, living room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom 1. Can you make a common room ? Place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the kitchen, bathroom 2, bathroom 3, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom 2 . It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 attaches to the kitchen, common room, balcony, bathroom 3. The bathroom 3 should be considered. Place bathroom 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 3 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7? The bathroom 3 is private. The bathroom 3 connects to the kitchen, balcony, bathroom 2. Can we have a living room ? Make living room approx 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. 