Can you make a master room 1 ? It would be great to place master room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room 1 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room, living room, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room 1, storage, common room, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a storage . It would be great to place storage at the south side of the apartment. The storage should be around 18 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The storage should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, living room. Make a common room . The common room should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room 1, bathroom, kitchen, living room, balcony. Can we have a master room 2 ? It would be great to place master room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 should be next to the kitchen, living room, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, storage, common room, master room 2, living room, balcony. The living room should be considered. The living room should be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room 1, common room, master room 2, kitchen. 