Make a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9.  The balcony 1 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony 1, living room, master room, common room. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, living room, common room, balcony 2. It would be great to have a common room . Place common room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the bathroom, living room, master room, balcony 2, kitchen, balcony 3. The balcony 2 should be considered. Can we have balcony 2 to be at north side.  The balcony 2 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the master room, common room, balcony 3. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen attaches to the balcony 1, common room, balcony 3. Can you make a balcony 3 ? I would like to place balcony 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 attaches to the common room, balcony 2, kitchen. 