The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, master room, living room. It would be great to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, common room 3, living room. The common room 3 should be considered. The common room 3 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the kitchen, living room, balcony. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? It would be great to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 3, living room. 