Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, living room, balcony. The bathroom 1 should be considered. Can we have bathroom 1 to be at south west corner.  Make bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 attaches to the master room, storage, kitchen, living room, balcony. It would be good to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  Can we have storage to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The storage should be next to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, kitchen. Make a bathroom 2 . The bathroom 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom 2 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the master room, storage, kitchen, living room, common room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom 1, storage, bathroom 2, common room, balcony. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. I would like to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom 2, kitchen, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4.  The balcony should be next to the master room, bathroom 1, kitchen, living room, common room. 