It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, common room 1, storage, living room. The storage should be considered. It would be great to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 19 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The storage attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north east corner.  Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, storage, balcony, kitchen, living room. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, storage, bathroom, kitchen. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  The kitchen should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a living room . Can you make living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? 