I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, bathroom, master room, dining room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, master room. Make a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, dining room. The dining room should be considered. Place dining room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The dining room should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The kitchen attaches to the living room, dining room. 