The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the entrance, common room 1. I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11. Make a entrance . It would be good to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have entrance about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The entrance connects to the bathroom, living room, kitchen, common room 1, master room. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the entrance, common room 1, balcony. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, entrance, kitchen, common room 2, balcony. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, common room 1. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the entrance, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2.  The balcony should be next to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, master room. 