It would be good to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The dining room connects to the living room, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The kitchen connects to the dining room, common room 1, bathroom, master room, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, master room. It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  I would like to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, kitchen, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2?  The balcony attaches to the living room, common room 1, master room, common room 2. 