Can you make a balcony 1 ? Can we have balcony 1 to be at north side.  Can you make balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the master room, balcony 2, common room. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room, balcony 3. The balcony 2 should be considered. It would be good to place balcony 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. The balcony 2 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5.  The balcony 2 attaches to the balcony 1, master room, common room, balcony 3. I would like to have a living room . Make living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the living room, common room, kitchen, balcony 3. Can you make a common room ? The common room should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony 1, master room, balcony 2, living room, bathroom, balcony 3. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The kitchen connects to the living room, bathroom, balcony 3. It would be good to have a balcony 3 . It would be good to place balcony 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. The balcony 3 should be approx 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 connects to the master room, balcony 2, bathroom, common room, kitchen. 