The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, bathroom. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north west corner.  Make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen. I would like to have a storage . It would be great to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 16 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The storage connects to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, master room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, master room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the storage, common room 2. I would like to have a living room . Make living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. 