I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  The common room 1 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, bathroom, living room, balcony. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room, dining room, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, bathroom, dining room, balcony. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. Can you make a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? The dining room attaches to the master room, common room 2, living room, kitchen, balcony. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The kitchen attaches to the master room, dining room, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, dining room, kitchen. 