The storage should be considered. Place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 13. The storage should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, bathroom, master room. It would be good to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, common room 2, master room. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The kitchen should be next to the storage, living room, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage, common room 1, living room, bathroom, balcony. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5? The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the storage, kitchen, living room, common room 2, balcony, master room. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6.  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, living room, common room 2, bathroom, master room. It would be good to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, common room 1, bathroom, balcony. 