I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the master room 1, dining room. The master room 1 should be considered. Can we have master room 1 to be at south side.  I would like to have master room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, dining room. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room 1, common room, master room 2, living room, dining room. I would like to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the bathroom, master room 2, balcony, dining room. The master room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place master room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have master room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 connects to the bathroom, common room, balcony. Make a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14?  The balcony should be next to the common room, master room 2, living room. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The dining room should be considered. It would be good to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The dining room attaches to the kitchen, master room 1, bathroom, common room. 