It would be good to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, dining room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, dining room, living room. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, master room, dining room, living room. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, living room. Make a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. The dining room should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The dining room connects to the common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, living room. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. 