Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, living room, storage. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south side.  It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1. It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, balcony, living room, storage. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 2. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the common room 2. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, storage. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The storage should be next to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2. 