Can you make a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south side.  The dining room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The dining room should be next to the kitchen, master room, living room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room, master room. Can you make a common room ? Place common room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony, master room. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, bathroom 2. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the dining room, balcony, common room, living room. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. It would be great to have a bathroom 1 . It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the dining room, living room, bathroom 2. Make a bathroom 2 . It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 attaches to the dining room, kitchen, bathroom 1. 