Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom 1, dining room, bathroom 2. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? It would be great to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the living room, master room, dining room, balcony. The bathroom 1 should be considered. The bathroom 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 should be next to the kitchen, master room, bathroom 2. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, balcony. It would be great to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The dining room should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . Can we have bathroom 2 to be at south side.  I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 connects to the kitchen, bathroom 1, master room. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  The balcony should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room, master room. 