I would like to have a common room . Place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the bathroom, living room, master room, balcony. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the common room, dining room, living room, kitchen 2, master room. The dining room should be considered. The dining room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The dining room attaches to the bathroom, kitchen 1, living room, kitchen 2. The kitchen 1 should be considered. Can we have kitchen 1 to be at south west corner.  The kitchen 1 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The kitchen 1 connects to the dining room, living room, kitchen 2. It would be good to have a living room . It would be great to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. It would be good to have a kitchen 2 . The kitchen 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen 2 attaches to the bathroom, dining room, kitchen 1, living room. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room, bathroom, living room, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 13?  The balcony should be next to the common room, master room. 