The storage should be considered. The storage should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The storage connects to the kitchen. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, kitchen, common room 2, master room, bathroom. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The kitchen attaches to the storage, common room 1, living room, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, living room, bathroom, balcony. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony connects to the living room, common room 2, master room. 