The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom 1, common room, balcony. Make a bathroom 1 . It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom 1 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the master room, common room, bathroom 2, living room. Can we have a common room ? Place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the master room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, bathroom 3, balcony. Make a bathroom 2 . It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom 2 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the bathroom 1, common room, kitchen, bathroom 3. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom 2, bathroom 3. The bathroom 3 should be considered. I would like to place bathroom 3 at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom 3 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The bathroom 3 can be used by guest. The bathroom 3 connects to the common room, bathroom 2, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room, living room. It would be good to have a living room . It would be great to have living room approx 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. 