I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, master room, living room, storage, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the common room 2, master room, kitchen, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, balcony. It would be great to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, living room. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? It would be good to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 7 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 16. The storage attaches to the common room 1, master room, balcony. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, storage. 