Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, dining room, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . Make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, bathroom, common room 2, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, bathroom, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 25 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 1?  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2. It would be good to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The dining room attaches to the common room 1, living room, kitchen. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, dining room. 