I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, bathroom, balcony. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, balcony. I would like to have a storage . Place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The storage should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, bathroom, living room, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  Can we have bathroom to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the master room, storage, common room 2, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom, living room. Make a living room . It would be great to have living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at south side.  Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. 