The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, kitchen, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, common room 2, kitchen, balcony, living room. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north side.  It would be great to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, storage. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, storage. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room. It would be great to have a living room . Can you make living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? Can you make a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 6 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The storage should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, living room. 