I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south east corner.  Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, living room, dining room. Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, common room 2, balcony, kitchen, living room, dining room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, balcony, living room, dining room. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, dining room. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, dining room. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, living room, dining room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? It would be good to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The dining room connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, balcony, bathroom, kitchen, living room. 