Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room, kitchen, master room. I would like to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at south side.  It would be good to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony, kitchen, master room, storage, living room. Can you make a bathroom 1 ? It would be great to place bathroom 1 at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom 1 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 should be next to the bathroom 2, kitchen, storage. The bathroom 2 should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the bathroom 1, master room, storage. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north west corner.  Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 11? The kitchen should be next to the balcony, common room, bathroom 1, master room, storage, living room. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room, bathroom 2, kitchen. Make a storage . It would be great to place storage at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The storage connects to the common room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. 