It would be great to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, master room. Make a storage . Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The storage should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the storage, living room, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, storage, living room, master room, balcony. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south side.  The balcony should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 2, master room. 