Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 3. Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 3, storage, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom. The common room 3 should be considered. I would like to place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the master room, common room 1, storage, living room. I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have storage about 9 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 3. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, kitchen. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. Make a living room . Make living room approx 1000 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. 