Can you make a balcony 1 ? Place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 connects to the master room, common room, bathroom, balcony 2. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, common room, living room, bathroom, balcony 2. It would be great to have a common room . It would be good to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony 1, master room, living room, bathroom, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony 1, master room, common room, living room, dining room, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony 2 . It would be great to place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the balcony 1, master room, living room, dining room, kitchen. It would be great to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The dining room should be next to the common room, living room, bathroom, balcony 2, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The kitchen should be next to the common room, bathroom, balcony 2, dining room. 