Make a living room . The living room should be around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, balcony, bathroom, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, common room 1, dining room, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, balcony, bathroom, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, kitchen, balcony, common room 1, bathroom, dining room, master room. 