It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room, bathroom, balcony 2. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The dining room connects to the kitchen, common room, living room, master room, bathroom, balcony 2. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the dining room, balcony 1, living room, bathroom, balcony 2. Can you make a balcony 1 ? Can we have balcony 1 to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, living room, master room. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the dining room, balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 2. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, dining room, common room, living room, master room. Can we have a balcony 2 ? Place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the kitchen, dining room, common room, master room. 