The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, bathroom 1, dining room, common room, living room. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, dining room. The bathroom 1 should be considered. The bathroom 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 1 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 attaches to the master room. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the dining room, bathroom 2, living room. It would be good to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The dining room should be next to the master room, balcony, kitchen, bathroom 2, living room. The bathroom 2 should be considered. Place bathroom 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the kitchen, dining room, common room, living room. I would like to have a common room . Place common room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room, bathroom 2. Make a living room . It would be good to have living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. 