It would be good to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the entrance, living room. The entrance should be considered. Can we have entrance to be at north side.  Make entrance about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The entrance attaches to the kitchen, balcony, common room 2, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the entrance, common room 2, bathroom, master room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the entrance, common room 1, balcony, bathroom, living room, master room. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony, common room 2, master room. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. It would be good to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. 