I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, dining room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, dining room, living room, balcony, master room. I would like to have a dining room . It would be good to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The dining room connects to the kitchen, common room 1, living room, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, master room. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the dining room, bathroom, living room, balcony, master room. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, common room 2, balcony. 