It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the living room, bathroom, balcony, entrance. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, entrance. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, balcony, common room 1, entrance. Make a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2.  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, living room, master room, common room 2, entrance. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1. Can we have a entrance ? Place entrance at the south side of the apartment. Can we have entrance to be around 17 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The entrance connects to the kitchen, living room, bathroom, master room, balcony. 