Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, balcony, living room, bathroom. It would be good to have a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at south west corner.  The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, living room, bathroom. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the dining room, common room 2, living room, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, balcony, living room, bathroom. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 2.  The balcony connects to the kitchen, common room 2, master room, living room. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, dining room, common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. 