I would like to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, balcony. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. I would like to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. Make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The dining room connects to the kitchen, living room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. Can you make a bathroom 1 ? It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom 1 about 23 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 should be next to the master room, kitchen, dining room, living room, bathroom 2. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 should be next to the master room, kitchen, dining room, bathroom 1. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2?  The balcony attaches to the common room, master room, living room. 