The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room, balcony, living room. Make a common room . I would like to place common room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room, balcony, living room, dining room. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3.  The balcony connects to the master room, common room. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. Make a dining room . The dining room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12. The dining room connects to the common room, living room, kitchen, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14. The kitchen connects to the dining room, bathroom 2. The bathroom 1 should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 1 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11? The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 should be next to the living room, dining room, bathroom 2. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? Can we have bathroom 2 to be at north east corner.  Can we have bathroom 2 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the dining room, kitchen, bathroom 1. 