Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, dining room, kitchen, balcony, master room, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a dining room ? The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The dining room should be next to the common room 1, living room, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, dining room, kitchen, master room. 