It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. The kitchen connects to the bathroom 1, common room, bathroom 2. I would like to have a bathroom 1 . The bathroom 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 attaches to the kitchen, storage, balcony, master room, bathroom 2. I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. Make storage about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The storage should be next to the bathroom 1, common room, bathroom 2. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the bathroom 1, common room, master room, bathroom 2. Can you make a common room ? Can we have common room to be at north side.  It would be great to have common room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the living room, kitchen, storage, balcony, master room. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, bathroom 1, balcony, common room, bathroom 2. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . I would like to place bathroom 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 attaches to the living room, kitchen, bathroom 1, storage, balcony, master room. 