It would be good to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1.  The balcony 1 attaches to the living room, common room. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 2, kitchen, storage, living room, common room. Can you make a balcony 2 ? The balcony 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the master room, kitchen, storage, living room, common room. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The kitchen attaches to the master room, balcony 2, storage, bathroom. Can we have a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The storage should be next to the master room, balcony 2, kitchen, bathroom. It would be great to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, storage. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room should be considered. Place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1, master room, balcony 2, living room. 