I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, balcony, living room. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony, living room, common room 3. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, kitchen, living room, common room 3. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, living room. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The common room 3 should be considered. Can we have common room 3 to be at north side.  It would be good to have common room 3 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the master room, bathroom. 