It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, storage. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, storage. It would be great to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, balcony, living room, storage. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, bathroom, master room, balcony, living room, storage. Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 16 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? Can we have a storage ? The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The storage connects to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, common room 2. 