Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, storage. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, living room, storage, master room. Make a living room . I would like to have living room approx 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south side.  I would like to have storage around 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The storage connects to the bathroom, kitchen, master room, common room 1. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, kitchen, living room, storage, common room 1, common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 1. 