The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage about 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7? The storage connects to the balcony, living room. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the storage, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, common room 2, master room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, common room 1, master room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a living room ? Make living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. 