Make a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, dining room, living room. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2, living room. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, dining room, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, dining room, living room. Make a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, balcony, master room, common room 1, dining room, living room. It would be good to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The dining room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7? 