Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, dining room. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony approx 10 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 1, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, dining room. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom, common room 1, dining room. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, bathroom, master room, living room, common room 2, dining room. I would like to have a living room . Make living room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, living room, dining room. Make a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The dining room attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2. 