Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room, balcony. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, balcony. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north west corner.  The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, living room, balcony. Make a living room . Can you make living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6? Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, kitchen, living room, common room 3. Can we have a common room 3 ? It would be good to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the balcony. 