It would be good to have a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the master room, balcony 3, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, common room, balcony 3, kitchen, living room. Can we have a common room ? The common room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room, balcony 2, balcony 3, kitchen, living room. Can we have a balcony 2 ? Can we have balcony 2 to be at north side.  Can we have balcony 2 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the common room, balcony 3, kitchen, bathroom, living room. Can you make a balcony 3 ? The balcony 3 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 should be next to the balcony 1, master room, common room, balcony 2, kitchen, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The kitchen connects to the balcony 1, master room, common room, balcony 2, balcony 3, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the balcony 2, balcony 3, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. 