The balcony 1 should be considered. It would be good to place balcony 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15.  The balcony 1 attaches to the bathroom, balcony 2, kitchen, living room, master room, common room. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, kitchen, balcony 3, master room. I would like to have a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the balcony 1, bathroom, kitchen, master room. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The kitchen attaches to the balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 2. The balcony 3 should be considered. The balcony 3 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5.  The balcony 3 attaches to the bathroom, living room, common room. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 2, living room, common room. I would like to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 3, master room. 