I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, balcony, living room, storage. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, master room, balcony, living room, storage. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, balcony, living room, storage. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The kitchen connects to the bathroom. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at north east corner.  Can we have storage to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11? The storage connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. 