It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, common room, dining room. Can you make a balcony 1 ? Can we have balcony 1 to be at south side.  Make balcony 1 approx 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the master room, common room, balcony 2, kitchen. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room, balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 2, kitchen, living room. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room. The dining room should be considered. Place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The dining room connects to the master room, balcony 2, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the balcony 1, common room, dining room, kitchen. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the balcony 1, common room, dining room, balcony 2, living room. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? 