The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 2, living room, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1. Make a storage . The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The storage attaches to the common room 2, master room. Make a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, master room, living room. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, storage, common room 2, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. 