Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, living room, balcony, kitchen, dining room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, bathroom, living room, balcony, kitchen, dining room. Make a master room . Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 2, master room. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, balcony. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 17 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, dining room. I would like to have a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at north side.  Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The dining room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, kitchen. 