I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the master room, living room. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room 2, storage. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, storage, kitchen. Can you make a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage around 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, storage, living room. 