It would be great to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a balcony 1 . Place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4?  The balcony 1 attaches to the common room, master room, kitchen, bathroom, entrance, living room. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  The master room should be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom, living room. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom, living room. Make a balcony 2 . Can we have balcony 2 to be at south east corner.  Can we have balcony 2 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the common room, master room, kitchen, bathroom, entrance. Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the common room, balcony 1, master room, kitchen, balcony 2, entrance, living room. Can you make a entrance ? The entrance should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have entrance to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The entrance should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. 