The storage should be considered. Place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. The storage should be about 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The storage connects to the kitchen, common room 2. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom, master room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, bathroom, master room, common room 1, living room. Make a living room . Make living room approx 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, living room. 