I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, storage. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, kitchen, storage. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, bathroom, storage, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, storage, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The kitchen should be next to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, storage. It would be good to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The storage connects to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Make living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. 