I would like to have a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4.  The balcony 1 should be next to the common room. I would like to have a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the kitchen, master room, living room, bathroom. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the balcony 2, storage, master room, living room, bathroom. It would be great to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  The storage should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The storage attaches to the kitchen, master room, living room, bathroom. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 2, kitchen, storage, common room, living room, bathroom. It would be good to have a common room . It would be good to place common room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony 1, master room. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony 2, kitchen, storage, master room. 