The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3?  The balcony connects to the common room 1. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, master room. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The storage connects to the common room 2, master room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, storage, master room. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, living room, storage, common room 2. 