It would be great to have a balcony 1 . It would be good to place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the master room, common room, bathroom, balcony 2. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, common room, bathroom, living room, balcony 2. The common room should be considered. Place common room at the south side of the apartment. The common room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1, master room, bathroom, living room, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony 1, master room, common room, living room, dining room, kitchen. Make a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. Can we have a balcony 2 ? It would be great to place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1.  The balcony 2 connects to the balcony 1, master room, living room, dining room, kitchen. The dining room should be considered. It would be good to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The dining room connects to the common room, bathroom, living room, balcony 2, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the common room, bathroom, balcony 2, dining room. 