It would be good to have a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7.  The balcony 1 should be next to the bathroom, common room, living room, master room. It would be good to have a balcony 2 . It would be good to place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the bathroom, balcony 3, kitchen. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, balcony 3, kitchen, master room. Can we have a common room ? I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1, kitchen, master room. It would be good to have a balcony 3 . Place balcony 3 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 3 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1?  The balcony 3 should be next to the balcony 2, bathroom, master room. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The kitchen should be next to the balcony 2, bathroom, common room. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, bathroom, common room, balcony 3, living room. 