It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 16.  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, storage, common room 2. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, bathroom, living room, common room 2. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, storage, common room 2. I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, storage. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the balcony, bathroom. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at north side.  Make storage around 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The storage attaches to the balcony, master room, bathroom, common room 2. Make a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, common room 1, master room, storage. 