The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, common room 2, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom. It would be great to have a common room 3 . Place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony, common room 2, common room 3, kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? The kitchen should be next to the master room, balcony, common room 1, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. 