I would like to have a balcony 1 . Place balcony 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8.  The balcony 1 should be next to the balcony 2, kitchen, common room, balcony 3, living room. Can you make a balcony 2 ? The balcony 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7?  The balcony 2 should be next to the balcony 1, kitchen, common room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The kitchen connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room, bathroom. Can we have a common room ? Can we have common room to be at south east corner.  Make common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, kitchen, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room, master room, living room. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony 3. The balcony 3 should be considered. Place balcony 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 3 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1?  The balcony 3 connects to the balcony 1, master room, living room. It would be great to have a living room . It would be great to have living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. 