I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the master room, bathroom 2. It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom 1, living room. Make a bathroom 1 . It would be great to place bathroom 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom 1, balcony. It would be good to have a living room . It would be great to have living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3?  The balcony connects to the common room 2, living room, master room. Make a master room . Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, living room, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom 2 . It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 should be next to the kitchen. 