It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room around 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? Can we have a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony connects to the living room, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2, storage. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room 2, storage. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, master room, common room 1. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 1, storage. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The storage should be next to the living room, master room, common room 1, common room 2. 