Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, kitchen, master room. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, entrance, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, kitchen, master room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, entrance, living room. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room. Make a entrance . Place entrance at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have entrance to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The entrance attaches to the balcony, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. 