Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, balcony, living room, bathroom. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, kitchen, dining room. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, dining room. Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, dining room. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 18 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the master room, common room 2, balcony, kitchen, dining room. I would like to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the north side of the apartment. The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The dining room attaches to the master room, common room 2, balcony, kitchen, living room. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1. 