Can you make a living room ? The living room should be around 1000 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. It would be good to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, master room, common room 2, storage. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2?  The balcony connects to the living room, kitchen, master room, common room 2, storage. I would like to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The storage connects to the bathroom, balcony. 