Can we have a living room ? Make living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. Can you make a dining room ? The dining room should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The dining room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, common room 2, kitchen. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  Make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, dining room. Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the living room, dining room, master room, balcony, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the dining room, bathroom, balcony, common room 2. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 4.  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the dining room, bathroom, master room, balcony, kitchen. Make a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, balcony, common room 2. 