The living room should be considered. Make living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. Can we have a dining room ? The dining room should be at the north side of the apartment. The dining room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The dining room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, common room 2, kitchen. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  It would be good to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, dining room. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the living room, dining room, master room, balcony, common room 2. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the dining room, bathroom, balcony, common room 2. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 4?  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, kitchen. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the dining room, bathroom, master room, balcony, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The kitchen should be next to the dining room, balcony, common room 2. 