I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, master room, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south side.  The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, kitchen, storage, living room. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, balcony, common room 2, kitchen, storage, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, master room, kitchen, storage, living room. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, kitchen, storage, living room. The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1, common room 2, master room, storage. Make a storage . It would be great to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5? The storage attaches to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, master room, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. 