It would be great to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the dining room, living room. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the master room, dining room, living room, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, dining room, common room 2, balcony. It would be good to have a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at north side.  Can you make dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? The dining room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, common room 2, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, master room, dining room, kitchen, balcony. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The kitchen attaches to the dining room, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, kitchen. 