Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  It would be good to have common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, kitchen, living room, common room 3. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, kitchen, living room, common room 3. It would be great to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room, common room 3. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, bathroom, living room, common room 3. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The common room 3 should be considered. The common room 3 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 1, master room, balcony, kitchen, living room. 