The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, balcony, master room, common room 3. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, master room. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 3. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room. It would be good to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, common room 3. It would be great to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 1, balcony, master room. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be approx 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? 