The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, living room, kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2, common room 3, kitchen. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 3, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, common room 3, living room. Can we have a common room 3 ? It would be good to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony, master room, common room 2, living room, kitchen. It would be great to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13? The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, balcony, common room 3, bathroom, living room. 