Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Make balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 6. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  It would be good to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, kitchen, living room. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The kitchen connects to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, dining room, living room. Make a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  It would be great to have common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, dining room, living room. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, dining room, living room. Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, bathroom. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. 