Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room, balcony, living room, bathroom 1. The common room should be considered. I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the master room, kitchen, balcony, living room, bathroom 1. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The kitchen should be next to the common room, living room, dining room. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room. It would be good to have a living room . Can you make living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The dining room should be considered. The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The dining room connects to the kitchen, living room. I would like to have a bathroom 1 . It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4? The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the master room, common room, bathroom 2. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . Place bathroom 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the bathroom 1. 