Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, dining room, common room 2, master room. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, dining room, balcony. Can we have a dining room ? The dining room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The dining room should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 2 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, balcony. It would be great to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, master room, living room. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, dining room, common room 2, master room, living room. 