Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? Can you make a storage ? Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. The storage connects to the living room, common room 1, master room, common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the storage, kitchen, balcony. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11? The kitchen connects to the living room, common room 1, balcony, master room, common room 2, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Make balcony around 25 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, kitchen, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, kitchen, balcony, bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, master room, common room 2. 