Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, common room 1, master room, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 1000 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, balcony, storage, master room, kitchen. It would be good to have a storage . Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The storage attaches to the common room 1, common room 2. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, living room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage, master room, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1, common room 2. 