Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The kitchen attaches to the balcony, common room 2. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, storage, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 18 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  The bathroom should be around 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, storage. It would be great to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, storage, common room 2, living room. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  Make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The storage attaches to the master room, bathroom, common room 1, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, master room, balcony, common room 1. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. 