The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. The balcony should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 16. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the living room, master room, common room 2. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11? I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, storage, common room 2. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, storage. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The storage should be next to the living room, common room 1, master room, common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, common room 1, storage. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Make bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The kitchen connects to the living room, bathroom. 