The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have storage about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The storage should be next to the bathroom, balcony 1, master room. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, balcony 1, living room. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the storage, kitchen, balcony 1, common room, living room. It would be good to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be approx 10 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the storage, kitchen, bathroom, common room. Can we have a common room ? I would like to place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. It would be good to have a balcony 2 . It would be good to place balcony 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the common room, master room. It would be good to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, balcony 2. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? 