Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, kitchen. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. Make a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, kitchen. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom 1 . Place bathroom 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 1 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 attaches to the living room, bathroom 2, kitchen. It would be great to have a bathroom 2 . The bathroom 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 connects to the living room, bathroom 1, kitchen. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, living room, master room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the living room, common room 2. 