Can we have a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The dining room connects to the bathroom, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the dining room, common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the dining room, bathroom, common room 1, master room, balcony, kitchen, living room. Make a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, living room. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11? 