I would like to have a balcony 1 . Can we have balcony 1 to be at south east corner.  I would like to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3.  The balcony 1 connects to the balcony 2, master room, living room, bathroom. The balcony 2 should be considered. It would be great to place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 2 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the balcony 1, master room, common room, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room, kitchen. I would like to have a common room . Place common room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 2, master room, kitchen, balcony 3, living room, bathroom. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The kitchen should be next to the balcony 2, master room, common room, balcony 3, living room. It would be good to have a balcony 3 . The balcony 3 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 3 about 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 5? The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 should be next to the common room, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room approx 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14? Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony 1, common room. 