I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, storage, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, storage, bathroom, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The kitchen should be next to the master room, common room 1, storage, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have storage approx 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The storage should be next to the master room, common room 1, kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 7.  The balcony connects to the master room, kitchen, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1. I would like to have a living room . Make living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, kitchen, balcony, living room. 