The master room 1 should be considered. Can we have master room 1 to be at north east corner.  Can we have master room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room 2, dining room, living room. I would like to have a common room . The common room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the kitchen, balcony, master room 2, dining room, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can you make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The kitchen attaches to the common room, bathroom, dining room, living room. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, balcony, master room 2, dining room, living room. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room 1, common room, bathroom, master room 2. I would like to have a master room 2 . Place master room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 attaches to the master room 1, common room, bathroom, balcony, dining room, living room. The dining room should be considered. The dining room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The dining room should be next to the master room 1, common room, kitchen, bathroom, master room 2, living room. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. 