Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, balcony, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, balcony, common room 3, living room. It would be great to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, balcony, kitchen, living room. Can you make a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. The common room 3 should be considered. The common room 3 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 2, kitchen, living room. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen connects to the master room, common room 3, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, living room. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. 