The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at north west corner.  Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, kitchen, dining room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, living room, dining room. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 23 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, dining room. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony, kitchen, dining room. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, master room, dining room. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The dining room should be considered. The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. Make dining room around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The dining room attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, master room, kitchen, living room. 