Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, balcony 1, kitchen. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, living room, master room. It would be good to have a living room . It would be good to have living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony 1, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12?  The balcony 1 attaches to the common room 1, living room, master room. Can we have a balcony 2 ? I would like to place balcony 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the living room, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, balcony 2. 