Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, living room, storage, master room. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, common room 2, kitchen, living room, master room. Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, storage, master room. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a living room . Make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. It would be great to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The storage connects to the common room 1, balcony, living room. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony, living room. 