I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3. The kitchen connects to the common room 2, dining room. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  It would be good to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, bathroom, dining room, living room, master room. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, balcony, dining room, living room, master room. The dining room should be considered. Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The dining room connects to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? Make a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, common room 2, living room. 