Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 2, living room, entrance. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  It would be great to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 6.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, master room, entrance. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, entrance. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room. Make a living room . Can you make living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? Make a entrance . It would be good to place entrance at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have entrance about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The entrance attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2, living room. 