Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, kitchen. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, storage, kitchen, common room 3, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, storage, common room 3, living room. I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage around 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The storage attaches to the master room, common room 2, bathroom, living room. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, common room 3. Can you make a common room 3 ? It would be great to place common room 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. 