Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. Can you make a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. The storage should be approx 10 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The storage attaches to the master room, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5.  The balcony connects to the master room, living room. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, balcony, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, storage, master room, common room 2, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, storage, bathroom, kitchen. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The kitchen should be next to the storage, common room 2, living room. 