Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom 1, kitchen, common room 2, balcony. The bathroom 1 should be considered. The bathroom 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 should be next to the common room 1, living room. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, balcony, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room. Can you make a bathroom 2 ? It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest.  Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room. It would be great to have a living room . Can you make living room about 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5? 