It would be great to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, master room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony, bathroom, storage. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, bathroom, storage, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the master room, balcony, living room, storage, common room 2. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. It would be great to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  Can you make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The storage should be next to the master room, balcony, bathroom, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, balcony, bathroom, storage. 