The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom 1. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, master room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, master room, bathroom 2, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom 1 . It would be great to place bathroom 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. Make a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, kitchen. It would be good to have a bathroom 2 . It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 should be next to the common room 2, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. 