Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, dining room, common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6? The kitchen connects to the balcony, dining room, common room 1, common room 2. I would like to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The dining room attaches to the balcony, kitchen, common room 1, common room 2. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, kitchen, dining room, master room, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  Can you make master room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, dining room, common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. 