I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, storage, balcony, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, storage, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the master room, common room 1, storage, balcony, common room 2. I would like to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The storage attaches to the master room, common room 1, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 7.  The balcony connects to the master room, kitchen, common room 2. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest.  It would be great to have a living room . It would be good to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, kitchen, balcony, living room. 