It would be great to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, living room, dining room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room, common room 2, dining room. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, master room. I would like to have a living room . Make living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. It would be great to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony, dining room. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony connects to the living room, master room, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, living room, balcony. I would like to have a dining room . Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The dining room should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, master room. 