I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, balcony, kitchen. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, living room. Can you make a common room 3 ? Place common room 3 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the bathroom, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, master room, living room. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, kitchen. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The kitchen connects to the common room 2, master room. Make a living room . I would like to have living room about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. 