Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, storage. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, living room, common room 1. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, storage. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the storage, master room, common room 2. It would be good to have a storage . It would be great to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Make storage about 18 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The storage should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room 1, balcony, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, storage, master room. 