Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the dining room, living room, common room 2. Can we have a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south side.  It would be great to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The dining room should be next to the common room 1, living room, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9? It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, bathroom, balcony. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the dining room, common room 2, master room. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 2, master room. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room. 