It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, living room, storage, kitchen. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, master room, storage, balcony. I would like to have a living room . Make living room approx 1100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. I would like to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The storage connects to the bathroom, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony about 16 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room, balcony. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, storage. I would like to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, storage. 