Make a living room . Make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, entrance, bathroom 1. The entrance should be considered. It would be good to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. The entrance should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The entrance connects to the living room, master room, kitchen, dining room, bathroom 2. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The kitchen attaches to the entrance, dining room. I would like to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The dining room connects to the entrance, kitchen, bathroom 1. It would be great to have a bathroom 1 . I would like to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 connects to the master room, dining room, common room, bathroom 2. I would like to have a common room . Place common room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . Can we have bathroom 2 to be at south east corner.  It would be good to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 attaches to the entrance, bathroom 1, common room. 