Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, common room 3, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, common room 3. Make a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a common room 3 . It would be good to place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 3 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? It would be good to have living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. 