I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, master room. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, master room. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, balcony, master room, storage, living room. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, storage, living room. Can you make a storage ? I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Make storage around 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The storage attaches to the common room 2, master room. Make a living room . I would like to have living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. 