Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, storage. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, storage. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, balcony, storage. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, balcony, storage. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3. The kitchen connects to the balcony, storage. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 11.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, kitchen, living room. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room approx 1100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. Can you make a storage ? I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. The storage attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, master room, common room 2, kitchen, living room. 