Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, master room, living room. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, storage, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony, kitchen, storage, living room. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, storage. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, storage. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The kitchen connects to the common room 2, balcony, master room, storage. Make a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  The storage should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The storage attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, master room, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13? 