The balcony 1 should be considered. It would be great to place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the kitchen, common room, master room. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Make kitchen around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the balcony 1, common room, bathroom, master room, living room. It would be great to have a common room . It would be good to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Make common room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, kitchen, bathroom, living room, balcony 2. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room, master room, living room. It would be good to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, kitchen, bathroom, balcony 2, balcony 3. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. Can you make a balcony 2 ? Place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4.  The balcony 2 should be next to the common room, master room, living room. The balcony 3 should be considered. I would like to place balcony 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3? The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 connects to the master room, living room. 