Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, storage, common room 2. The storage should be considered. The storage should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5? The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, storage, common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, storage, master room, balcony. It would be great to have a living room . Can you make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1.  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 2, living room. 