Make a living room . Can you make living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the storage, common room 1. Make a storage . I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The storage attaches to the bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  It would be great to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, bathroom, master room, kitchen, common room 2. It would be good to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The kitchen connects to the living room, storage, common room 1. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, common room 1, master room, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Make balcony around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 10. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2. 