Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the living room, common room 2, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, storage. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, common room 2, bathroom, storage. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 1. It would be good to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, storage, kitchen. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The storage attaches to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The kitchen connects to the balcony, bathroom, storage. 