It would be good to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, living room, bathroom, storage. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, living room, bathroom, storage. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, common room 2, common room 3. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom, storage. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  Make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, living room, kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, storage. It would be great to have a common room 3 . The common room 3 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the bathroom. 