Make a kitchen 1 . It would be good to place kitchen 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen 1 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5? The kitchen 1 connects to the balcony, kitchen 2, dining room, common room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, kitchen 2, dining room. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 2.  The balcony connects to the kitchen 1, living room, common room, master room. It would be great to have a kitchen 2 . Place kitchen 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The kitchen 2 attaches to the kitchen 1, bathroom, dining room, common room, master room. It would be great to have a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The dining room should be next to the kitchen 1, bathroom, living room, kitchen 2, common room, master room. Make a common room . It would be great to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the kitchen 1, living room, balcony, kitchen 2, dining room. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, kitchen 2, dining room. 