I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, common room 2, living room, dining room, bathroom. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  It would be good to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, common room 1, living room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. Make living room approx 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. Can you make a dining room ? Place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The dining room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, living room, kitchen, bathroom. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen connects to the living room, dining room, bathroom. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, dining room, kitchen, master room. 