Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, storage, master room, balcony. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, storage, common room 2. Can we have a storage ? Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The storage should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, storage, common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, common room 1, storage, master room, balcony. The living room should be considered. Make living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, living room. 