I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, living room, balcony, storage. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, balcony, storage. It would be great to have a living room . Can you make living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, kitchen, storage. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8. The kitchen should be next to the master room, living room, bathroom, common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen. It would be good to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3? The storage attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, bathroom. 