Make a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the common room, balcony. Can we have a bathroom 1 ? It would be great to place bathroom 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 attaches to the storage, master room, bathroom 2, living room, common room, balcony. It would be good to have a storage . The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The storage connects to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, living room, balcony. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? The bathroom 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom 2 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 should be next to the bathroom 1, storage, master room, living room. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom 1, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7.  The balcony should be next to the kitchen, bathroom 1, storage, common room. 