It would be good to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, balcony, common room 2. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8? The kitchen should be next to the master room, living room, bathroom, common room 1, balcony, storage. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, kitchen. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  It would be good to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, living room, balcony, storage. Can you make a storage ? Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The storage attaches to the kitchen, common room 2. 