Can you make a master room 1 ? I would like to place master room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 attaches to the storage, bathroom, common room, balcony. Make a master room 2 . Place master room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 connects to the storage, bathroom, common room, balcony. Can we have a storage ? The storage should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The storage should be next to the master room 1, master room 2, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the master room 1, master room 2, storage, kitchen, balcony. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a common room . Place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room 1, master room 2, living room. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be approx 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony connects to the master room 1, master room 2, bathroom, living room. 