Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, bathroom, storage, kitchen, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, storage, kitchen, balcony. It would be good to have a storage . Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 9 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The storage connects to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, balcony, living room. It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? 