Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 3, bathroom. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 3, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom.  It would be good to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 3 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 1, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The kitchen connects to the living room. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, balcony, living room. 