The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, master room, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, balcony, master room, bathroom. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, balcony, master room, living room, bathroom. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, master room, living room. I would like to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the kitchen, balcony, master room, living room. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, balcony, common room 3, bathroom. Make a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. 