It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7.  The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, living room, storage. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, common room 1, living room, storage. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3?  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? I would like to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2. 