Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, master room, storage. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, storage, living room. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, storage. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, storage. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 2, storage, living room. It would be great to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. The storage should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The storage should be next to the common room 1, balcony, master room, common room 2, bathroom. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? 