I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony, common room 2, storage. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony, common room 2, storage. Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, balcony, common room 2. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the master room, kitchen, common room 1, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, kitchen, common room 1, living room. Make a living room . Can you make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The storage connects to the master room, kitchen. 