Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, dining room, common room 2. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, balcony, dining room, living room, common room 2. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, balcony, dining room, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, kitchen, dining room, living room, common room 2. It would be great to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, dining room, living room. The dining room should be considered. It would be great to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The dining room connects to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, common room 1, balcony, living room, common room 2. The living room should be considered. The living room should be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, common room 1, dining room. 