It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, storage, bathroom, common room 2. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, storage, master room, balcony. Can we have a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 12 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5? The storage attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, bathroom, master room, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, storage, living room. Can we have a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, storage, common room 2, balcony. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, balcony. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the kitchen, storage, master room, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room about 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. 