I would like to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage around 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The storage should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room 1. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen connects to the storage, living room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, common room 2, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, common room 1, master room, balcony, bathroom. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, common room 2, balcony, bathroom. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the living room, common room 2, master room. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, living room, common room 1, common room 2, master room. 