I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  Can you make storage approx 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The storage attaches to the kitchen, living room, common room 1. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The kitchen should be next to the storage, living room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. The living room should be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the storage, common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  The common room 2 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, common room 1, master room, balcony, bathroom. It would be good to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, common room 2, balcony, bathroom. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the living room, common room 2, master room. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room 1, common room 2, master room. 