It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, storage, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, storage, living room. Make a storage . The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 19 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3? The storage should be next to the bathroom, balcony, common room 2. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, storage, living room. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? 