The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a dining room ? The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, living room, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, dining room, living room. Make a living room . The living room should be around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, bathroom, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, dining room, living room, master room, bathroom, balcony. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2. 