Can we have a storage ? Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage around 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The storage should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the storage, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, bathroom, common room 1, balcony, living room. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. 