The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony, kitchen, storage, common room 1, common room 2. I would like to have a living room . Make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 15?  The balcony attaches to the bathroom, living room, storage, master room. It would be great to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north west corner.  Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, storage, common room 1, master room. Can you make a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The storage connects to the bathroom, balcony, kitchen, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, living room, kitchen, storage, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, living room, storage, common room 1. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south side.  It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, kitchen. 