It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3.  The balcony attaches to the living room, common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, storage, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, master room. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The storage should be next to the living room, common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the balcony, master room, common room 1, storage, kitchen. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 1, storage, bathroom. 