Can you make a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The dining room should be next to the living room, common room, storage, kitchen, master room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. Make living room around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2?  The balcony attaches to the living room, common room, master room. Can you make a common room ? Place common room at the south side of the apartment. The common room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the dining room, living room, balcony, storage, master room, bathroom. Make a storage . Place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2. The storage should be next to the dining room, common room, kitchen, master room. The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3? The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room, storage, master room, bathroom. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the dining room, living room, balcony, common room, storage, kitchen. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the dining room, common room, kitchen. 