The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, balcony. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the storage, common room 2, kitchen. It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, kitchen. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The storage attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, kitchen, balcony. It would be good to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, bathroom, living room, kitchen, balcony. Make a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, living room, common room 2. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, storage, common room 2. 