The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room, entrance, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 2, kitchen, entrance, balcony. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, entrance, balcony. Make a living room . Can you make living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? It would be good to have a entrance . Place entrance at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have entrance about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The entrance connects to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, living room, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, living room, entrance. 