Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom 2, master room. I would like to have a bathroom 1 . I would like to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 1 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9? The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, living room, bathroom 2, master room. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom 1, kitchen, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom 1, common room 2, living room, balcony, master room. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. Make a bathroom 2 . It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 2 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom 1. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the kitchen, living room, master room. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom 1, kitchen, living room, balcony. 