It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, bathroom. Make a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The storage attaches to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2. Make a living room . I would like to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, balcony, bathroom. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13?  The balcony attaches to the living room, master room, common room 2, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the storage, living room, balcony, kitchen. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, balcony, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 2, bathroom. 