Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2?  The balcony attaches to the master room, living room, common room 3. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 3. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom. It would be good to have a living room . It would be good to have living room about 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. It would be great to have a common room 3 . It would be great to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 3 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony, master room. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen. 