The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the common room 3. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, living room, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, living room. Make a common room 3 . Place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the kitchen, living room, balcony. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 3, living room. 