The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north west corner.  Can we have common room 1 to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, common room 3, living room, kitchen, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, kitchen. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, common room 3, kitchen, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 3 . Place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 3 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 3, living room. Make a living room . Make living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, common room 3. I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room. 