Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, living room, common room 3. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the dining room, bathroom, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, dining room, bathroom, living room. Can we have a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Can you make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The dining room attaches to the common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, master room, living room. It would be great to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  The bathroom should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2, kitchen, dining room, master room, living room. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the dining room, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. Can you make a common room 3 ? Can we have common room 3 to be at north west corner.  Make common room 3 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 1. 