It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, common room 3. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2?  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room. Can we have a common room 3 ? Place common room 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 2. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room around 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? 