Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, dining room. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, kitchen, dining room. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  Make kitchen about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, dining room. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, living room, dining room. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the master room, living room. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? Can we have a dining room ? Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The dining room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, living room. 