Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a master room . Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, storage, kitchen. I would like to have a storage . It would be great to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. The storage should be approx 18 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The storage attaches to the master room, common room 2, bathroom, living room. Make a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, storage, kitchen. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. 