It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, entrance, bathroom, living room, master room. The entrance should be considered. I would like to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have entrance approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The entrance attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, entrance, kitchen, bathroom, living room, master room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The kitchen connects to the common room 2, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, entrance, common room 2. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? Make a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. 