The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room. It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, kitchen. Make a common room 3 . It would be great to place common room 3 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the master room, balcony. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony. Make a living room . Make living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the master room. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 16 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 3, bathroom, living room. 