The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, living room, kitchen, storage. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, storage, balcony. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room, storage, bathroom. The storage should be considered. Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage approx 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, bathroom. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, balcony, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the master room, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, kitchen, storage, common room 2. 