It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, living room, kitchen, storage. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, storage, balcony. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13? Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room, storage, bathroom. It would be great to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11? The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, balcony, bathroom. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the master room, living room, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, kitchen, storage, common room 2. 