The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, dining room. I would like to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 2, dining room. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. I would like to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, bathroom, master room. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room, living room, balcony 1, master room, dining room. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 2, dining room. It would be great to have a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 2 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4.  The balcony 2 should be next to the common room, living room, master room. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room, bathroom, master room. 