It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom 2, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom 1 . The bathroom 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 should be next to the living room, bathroom 2. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? The bathroom 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the living room, master room, bathroom 1, common room 1. I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom 2, balcony, kitchen. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 13? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the living room, master room, common room 1, balcony, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, balcony, kitchen. 