The common room 1 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, living room, kitchen. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2, common room 3, kitchen. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 3, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, common room 3, living room. The common room 3 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 2, living room, kitchen. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen. Make a living room . Make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, balcony, common room 3, bathroom, living room. 