I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, living room, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 2, living room, kitchen. It would be great to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south west corner.  I would like to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 3, living room. Can you make a common room 3 ? I would like to place common room 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 3, living room, kitchen. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The kitchen should be next to the balcony, master room, bathroom, living room. 