Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, living room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 2, bathroom. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 3. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 2, common room 3. Can we have a common room 3 ? The common room 3 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 3 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 3, living room. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room approx 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. 