Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the living room, common room 2, dining room. Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2, dining room. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room, balcony. Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The common room 2 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, dining room. The dining room should be considered. It would be good to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room. 