Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the dining room, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the entrance, dining room, kitchen. It would be great to have a entrance . Place entrance at the north side of the apartment. The entrance should be about 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The entrance should be next to the bathroom, dining room, kitchen, living room. Make a dining room . Place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6? The dining room should be next to the common room, bathroom, entrance, kitchen, living room, master room, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 19 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the common room, bathroom, entrance, dining room, master room, balcony. Can we have a living room ? It would be good to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. It would be good to have a master room . Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the dining room, kitchen, living room, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south east corner.  The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the dining room, kitchen, master room. 