Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The kitchen should be next to the master room, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. It would be great to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, master room, storage, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, balcony. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at south side.  It would be good to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The storage attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, master room, storage, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3.  The balcony connects to the kitchen, living room, master room, storage, common room 2. 