Make a living room . Can you make living room around 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? It would be good to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4.  The balcony should be next to the living room, common room 1, kitchen. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, kitchen, common room 3. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen connects to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 25 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, kitchen, common room 3. Can we have a common room 3 ? Place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom. 