Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The kitchen should be next to the master room, common room 2, balcony. The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, master room, storage, common room 2. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, balcony. The storage should be considered. Place storage at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The storage connects to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, master room, storage, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the kitchen, living room, master room, storage, common room 2. 