Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, common room 2, bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, common room 1, storage, balcony. It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, kitchen, bathroom, storage. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the living room, master room, storage. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north east corner.  Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, common room 1, master room, storage. I would like to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? The storage should be next to the living room, common room 2, master room, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south west corner.  The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 10. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2. 