It would be good to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, common room 2, master room, living room. Can we have a storage ? Place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The storage attaches to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the storage, common room 2, master room, living room, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the storage, common room 2, master room, living room. Can we have a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, balcony, master room. 