It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, storage, balcony 1, living room, balcony 2. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, storage, common room, balcony 1, master room, living room. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south side.  Can we have storage to be approx 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4? The storage should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, common room, balcony 1, living room, balcony 2. Can you make a common room ? Place common room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the kitchen, storage, balcony 1, master room, living room, balcony 2. I would like to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be around 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, storage, common room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, common room, living room, balcony 2. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. Make a balcony 2 . It would be great to place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7?  The balcony 2 connects to the bathroom, storage, common room, master room, living room. 