Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, bathroom, kitchen. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. Make a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, kitchen, storage. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, storage, living room, master room. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The storage attaches to the common room 2, kitchen. Make a living room . I would like to have living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, kitchen. 