It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south side.  I would like to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, common room 1, balcony, kitchen, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, master room, common room 2, common room 3, kitchen. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, common room 1, kitchen. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the living room, master room, common room 3, bathroom. Make a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at south east corner.  Can you make common room 3 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the living room, common room 1, balcony, kitchen, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The kitchen connects to the living room, master room, common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, master room, balcony, common room 3, kitchen. 