It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony attaches to the dining room, common room 2, master room, living room. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north west corner.  Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the dining room, master room, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14? The kitchen attaches to the dining room, master room, living room. I would like to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14? The dining room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, living room. Make a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, dining room, master room. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2. I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room. It would be great to have a living room . It would be great to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. 