Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. Can you make a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 3, master room. Make a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, master room. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the living room, balcony, common room 1, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the living room, balcony, bathroom. The common room 3 should be considered. Place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 1, master room. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3. 