The balcony 1 should be considered. It would be good to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4.  The balcony 1 should be next to the balcony 2, master room, kitchen, living room. Can you make a balcony 2 ? It would be great to place balcony 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the balcony 1, bathroom, living room, common room. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, bathroom, common room. Can you make a balcony 3 ? I would like to place balcony 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 3 around 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony 2, master room, balcony 3, kitchen, living room. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 3, bathroom. Make a living room . Can you make living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13? It would be good to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony 2, master room. 