Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, living room, dining room, storage. Make a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, living room, dining room, storage, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The kitchen connects to the dining room, storage. It would be great to have a dining room . Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5? The dining room attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, kitchen, storage. I would like to have a storage . It would be great to place storage at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The storage attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, dining room, bathroom. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2, master room, storage. 