Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, living room, common room 3. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 14?  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, kitchen, bathroom, master room, common room 3. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, common room 3. Can we have a living room ? Make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, bathroom. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, kitchen, master room. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, living room, bathroom, common room 3. It would be great to have a common room 3 . Place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, living room, master room. 