The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, balcony, common room 2, living room. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, balcony, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, balcony, common room 3. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 3. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, living room, common room 3. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, balcony, common room 3. Can we have a living room ? Make living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. Make a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 1, master room, balcony, common room 2, living room. 