Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, storage, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, common room 2, kitchen, storage, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, common room 1, living room. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, living room. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, storage. Can we have a storage ? Place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The storage attaches to the master room, common room 1, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. 