I would like to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the master room, bathroom, balcony 1, living room, balcony 3. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room, bathroom, balcony 1, living room, balcony 2. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the common room, master room, kitchen, balcony 1, living room, balcony 2. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, balcony 1, living room. I would like to have a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 about 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the common room, master room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony 2. Make a living room . Can you make living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? It would be great to have a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3?  The balcony 2 connects to the master room, bathroom, balcony 1, living room. It would be great to have a balcony 3 . I would like to place balcony 3 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 1.  The balcony 3 connects to the common room, living room. 