Make a living room . Can we have living room to be around 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, bathroom. Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, storage, common room 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The storage attaches to the living room, common room 1, master room, common room 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the living room, master room, common room 2. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, balcony, common room 2. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, storage, balcony, master room. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 1, storage. 