It would be great to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, living room, balcony, kitchen. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Make living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, master room, bathroom. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 3, kitchen. Can you make a common room 3 ? I would like to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the living room, master room, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2, balcony, common room 3. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, master room. 