I would like to have a living room . The living room should be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 1. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7.  The balcony connects to the living room, master room, common room 2. Make a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, balcony, common room 2, common room 3. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, master room, common room 1. The common room 3 should be considered. Place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the master room. 