Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room, living room, kitchen, common room 3. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, common room 3, balcony. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room about 1000 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, common room 2, common room 3. I would like to have a common room 3 . It would be great to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  The balcony should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the master room. 