Make a balcony . Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2?  The balcony attaches to the storage, living room, common room, master room, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom 1 ? The bathroom 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 attaches to the storage, living room, common room, kitchen. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. The storage should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The storage connects to the balcony, bathroom 1, master room, bathroom 2. The living room should be considered. The living room should be approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. Make a common room . I would like to place common room at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, storage, living room, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . The bathroom 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 should be next to the storage, common room, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The kitchen connects to the balcony, bathroom 1, living room, master room, bathroom 2. 