The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom.  I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, common room 3. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a living room . Make living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 3. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, living room, balcony. Can you make a common room 3 ? The common room 3 should be at the north side of the apartment. The common room 3 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, kitchen, common room 3. 