It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, balcony, common room 1, bathroom, living room, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room, dining room. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? Can you make a dining room ? The dining room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The dining room should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The dining room attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, living room, dining room. 