Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, balcony, master room. Can you make a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage connects to the common room 1, balcony, living room, master room. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2, master room. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, master room. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, storage, living room, master room. Can we have a living room ? It would be good to have living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, storage, bathroom, common room 2, balcony, living room. 