Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, dining room. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9? It would be great to have a dining room . Place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The dining room should be next to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, master room. Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The kitchen connects to the living room, dining room. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, dining room, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the living room. 