Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, master room. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, living room, master room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, master room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, bathroom, master room. The storage should be considered. It would be great to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The storage connects to the bathroom, master room. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, storage, master room. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, kitchen, storage, bathroom, living room. 