It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, entrance, kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the living room, master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, living room, balcony, common room 1, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 2. Can you make a entrance ? Can we have entrance to be at south east corner.  Can we have entrance to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The entrance attaches to the bathroom, living room, common room 2. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, living room, balcony, master room, common room 1, entrance, kitchen. 