Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, storage. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, storage, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, storage. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The storage should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, living room, master room. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, storage, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 16? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room. 