I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The kitchen attaches to the entrance, common room 1, living room. The entrance should be considered. I would like to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. The entrance should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The entrance connects to the kitchen, common room 1, living room, common room 2. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, entrance, balcony, bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can we have balcony to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5?  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room. The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the entrance, master room, common room 1. 