Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, storage, master room, living room. I would like to have a storage . Place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The storage attaches to the kitchen, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, common room 2. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, kitchen, living room, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the storage, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1?  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2, living room. 