Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the storage, living room, common room 1. It would be good to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The storage connects to the kitchen, living room, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, living room, bathroom. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  I would like to have common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the storage, living room, balcony, master room, bathroom. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the storage, common room 2, master room. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  It would be great to have master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, common room 2, balcony, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, master room. 