Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, living room, common room 1. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, living room, common room 2, kitchen. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, common room 3. Make a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the living room, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11.  The balcony attaches to the master room, living room, common room 2. 