The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, bathroom, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  Make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, kitchen, dining room. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13. The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, dining room. Can we have a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The dining room should be next to the living room, common room 2, kitchen. 