The living room should be considered. Can you make living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1.  The balcony connects to the living room, master room, common room 1. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, balcony, bathroom, entrance. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, entrance. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, balcony, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, bathroom, entrance. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the master room, kitchen, common room 2, entrance. The entrance should be considered. It would be good to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have entrance around 19 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The entrance should be next to the living room, master room, kitchen, common room 2, bathroom. 