Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, storage, common room 2. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony, living room. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, common room 2, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, storage, master room, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. 