Can we have a common room ? The common room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony, bathroom 1. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room about 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony connects to the common room, living room, master room, kitchen, storage. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom 2, storage. The bathroom 1 should be considered. I would like to place bathroom 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the common room, bathroom 2, storage. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . I would like to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 should be next to the living room, master room, bathroom 1, storage. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 14? The kitchen connects to the balcony, storage. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 5 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5. The storage connects to the balcony, master room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, kitchen, storage. 