Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, storage, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, storage, common room 2, living room. Make a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, storage, living room, master room. Can you make a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9? The storage should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, common room 2, living room, master room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, storage, master room. Can we have a living room ? It would be good to have living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8?  The balcony connects to the living room, master room. It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, storage, common room 2, balcony. 