The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, kitchen. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, bathroom. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, bathroom, storage. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The kitchen attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 2, living room. The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room approx 1100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room, storage. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. The storage should be around 16 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The storage connects to the common room 1, bathroom. 