I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  Make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The storage connects to the master room, living room, common room 1, common room 2. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, kitchen, balcony. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, kitchen, balcony. It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the master room, common room 1, bathroom. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, living room, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 7.  The balcony should be next to the master room, living room, common room 1, common room 2. 