I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2? The kitchen connects to the master room, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony 1 . It would be great to place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be around 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the living room. I would like to have a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The balcony 2 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1.  The balcony 2 attaches to the living room. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 2. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. 