The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the entrance, living room. It would be great to have a entrance . I would like to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have entrance about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The entrance connects to the kitchen, living room, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, balcony, living room, master room, common room 2. Make a living room . The living room should be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the entrance, common room 1, master room. 