I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, bathroom, living room. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The storage connects to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 2, living room. Make a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, balcony, kitchen. Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, living room. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. 