Can we have a common room ? Place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the bathroom, dining room, balcony 1, balcony 2. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room, master room, dining room, living room, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, dining room, balcony 1, living room, balcony 2. Can you make a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The dining room connects to the common room, bathroom, master room, balcony 1, living room, kitchen. Can we have a balcony 1 ? I would like to place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the common room, master room, dining room, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, dining room, balcony 1, living room. Can you make a balcony 2 ? The balcony 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony 2 attaches to the common room, master room, living room. 