Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the storage, common room 2, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the storage, living room, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The storage should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, kitchen, living room, common room 2. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The kitchen attaches to the storage, living room, common room 2, balcony. Make a living room . Make living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, storage, kitchen, living room. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, kitchen, living room. 