Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, storage, common room 1, living room. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, master room. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  The storage should be about 6 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The storage connects to the bathroom, balcony, living room. It would be great to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 2, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, living room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, balcony. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony connects to the storage, common room 1, master room, living room. I would like to have a living room . Make living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. 