Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? It would be great to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the living room, balcony, dining room, bathroom. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, common room 1, dining room, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, balcony, dining room, bathroom. Can you make a dining room ? Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The dining room connects to the living room, kitchen, balcony, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, dining room, master room, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, dining room, bathroom. 