It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The kitchen should be next to the living room, dining room. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, dining room. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  The common room 1 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, living room, common room 2. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, living room, dining room. Can you make a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The dining room connects to the kitchen, bathroom, living room, common room 2. 