It would be good to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom, living room. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, balcony, common room 1, bathroom, living room, dining room, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room, dining room. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make dining room around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The dining room should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, living room, dining room. 