It would be good to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. It would be great to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, balcony, common room 2. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, kitchen, bathroom. Make a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north west corner.  I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The kitchen connects to the living room, master room, balcony, common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the balcony, kitchen. The common room 3 should be considered. Place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 3 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom.  