I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, storage, balcony, common room. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? It would be good to have a storage . The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. Make storage approx 23 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The storage connects to the master room, living room, bathroom 1, common room, kitchen, bathroom 2. Make a bathroom 1 . Can we have bathroom 1 to be at north west corner.  I would like to have bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 attaches to the storage, bathroom 2. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room. I would like to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at north east corner.  Can we have common room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room, living room, storage, balcony. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 16? The kitchen should be next to the living room, storage, bathroom 2. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? The bathroom 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 attaches to the storage, bathroom 1, kitchen. 