The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the living room, master room, bathroom. Can we have a dining room ? It would be good to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13. The dining room attaches to the living room, kitchen, storage, master room, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5? The kitchen should be next to the dining room, bathroom. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the living room, storage, bathroom. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The storage connects to the living room, dining room, common room, master room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, balcony, dining room, storage, bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, dining room, kitchen, common room, master room. 