Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, common room 2, living room, balcony. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, dining room, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, dining room, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest.  It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12? Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  I would like to have kitchen around 17 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the master room, common room 2, dining room. I would like to have a dining room . Place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The dining room attaches to the master room, common room 2, living room, kitchen. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 9 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 13. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, balcony. 