Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, kitchen. I would like to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The storage attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south east corner.  Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, balcony, common room 2, living room, kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 16. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage, master room, balcony, bathroom, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. It would be good to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, balcony, bathroom, living room. 