Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, dining room, common room 2, kitchen. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  The common room 1 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, dining room, bathroom, living room. Can you make a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The dining room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, dining room, master room, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, dining room, bathroom. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The kitchen connects to the balcony, dining room, bathroom, living room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. 