Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom, common room 3, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 14.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, kitchen, balcony, common room 3. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the master room, kitchen, common room 3. I would like to have a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at south side.  I would like to have common room 3 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the master room, common room 2, bathroom, living room. Can we have a living room ? It would be good to have living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. 