I would like to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The dining room connects to the kitchen, balcony 1, master room, balcony 2. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The kitchen connects to the dining room, bathroom, living room, common room. I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, living room. Can you make a balcony 1 ? It would be great to place balcony 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 9.  The balcony 1 should be next to the dining room, living room, common room, master room. Make a living room . It would be great to have living room about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. It would be good to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the kitchen, balcony 1, living room, master room, balcony 2. Make a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the dining room, balcony 1, living room, common room, balcony 2. Make a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the dining room, common room, master room. 