Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, dining room, balcony, kitchen, bathroom, living room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, bathroom, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, dining room, balcony, kitchen, living room. Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? The dining room attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room, dining room, balcony, kitchen. Make a living room . Can you make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2? 