Can we have a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 16? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the storage, balcony 1, kitchen, common room. It would be good to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. Make storage approx 9 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The storage attaches to the bathroom, storage, kitchen, common room, living room. It would be good to have a balcony 1 . Place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be around 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, common room. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, storage, balcony 1, balcony 2, master room, living room. Make a balcony 2 . Can we have balcony 2 to be at north side.  Can we have balcony 2 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the kitchen, master room, common room. Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, balcony 2, common room, living room. I would like to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the bathroom, storage, balcony 1, balcony 2, master room, living room. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? 