The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, dining room, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, dining room. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The dining room should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  Can we have common room 1 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the dining room, common room 2, balcony, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, dining room, common room 1, balcony, master room, living room. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the dining room, common room 2, balcony, living room. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? 