I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the storage, common room 2, bathroom. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  Can we have storage to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The storage should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the storage, balcony, common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 2, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, storage, master room, balcony, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, balcony, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom. Make a living room . The living room should be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. 