It would be great to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony 1 attaches to the master room, common room, living room. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at south east corner.  I would like to have master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 3, kitchen. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room, living room. It would be great to have a common room . The common room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 3, kitchen. Can we have a balcony 2 ? The balcony 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9.  The balcony 2 attaches to the balcony 3, kitchen, living room. The balcony 3 should be considered. It would be good to place balcony 3 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 attaches to the master room, common room, balcony 2, kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the master room, common room, balcony 2, balcony 3. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? 