Make a dining room . Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The dining room should be next to the kitchen, master room, balcony, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, bathroom, common room 1, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the dining room, bathroom, balcony, common room 1, living room. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the dining room, master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, balcony, common room 2, living room. Make a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north west corner.  The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1, living room. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? 