Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, bathroom, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, living room, dining room, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7? The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, balcony, living room, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a dining room ? Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The dining room attaches to the master room, living room, common room 2, kitchen. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the master room, common room 2, dining room. 