Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south side.  Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, common room 2, dining room, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, common room 1, dining room, master room, living room, kitchen. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The dining room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room, kitchen. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 2, dining room, living room, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The kitchen connects to the common room 2, dining room, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room. 