It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room, storage, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, living room, balcony, master room. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, living room. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7? Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage approx 13 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The storage attaches to the kitchen, living room, master room, common room 2. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, master room, common room 2. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, living room, storage, balcony, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, living room, storage, balcony, master room. 