The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, balcony, common room 3. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, balcony, common room 3. It would be great to have a living room . Make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, kitchen, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11? The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 2, balcony, common room 3, bathroom. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, common room 3. Can you make a common room 3 ? It would be good to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, kitchen, balcony. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 2, kitchen. 