I would like to have a balcony 1 . It would be great to place balcony 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3.  The balcony 1 connects to the master room, dining room, common room, living room. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, dining room, bathroom, balcony 2. Can we have a dining room ? It would be good to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. The dining room should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The dining room should be next to the balcony 1, master room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony 2. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the master room, dining room, kitchen, balcony 2. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen connects to the dining room, bathroom, balcony 2. Can you make a balcony 2 ? I would like to place balcony 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 6. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the master room, dining room, bathroom, kitchen, common room, living room. Can you make a common room ? Can we have common room to be at south side.  I would like to have common room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, living room. Make a living room . The living room should be about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. 