I would like to have a bathroom 1 . I would like to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12? The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom 2, common room, balcony 1. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, master room, balcony 1. It would be great to have a bathroom 2 . It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the bathroom 1, kitchen, master room, common room, living room. It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, bathroom 2, common room, balcony 2. It would be good to have a common room . The common room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, master room, balcony 2. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room approx 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? Can you make a balcony 1 ? Place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3.  The balcony 1 should be next to the bathroom 1, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a balcony 2 . Place balcony 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony 2 connects to the master room, common room, living room. 