I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, storage. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, storage, balcony. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, master room, storage, balcony. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, storage, balcony. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage about 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The storage should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, master room, living room. Can you make a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3?  The balcony attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, master room, living room. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be around 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. 