It would be great to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 3. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, bathroom, balcony, living room, common room 3. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, balcony, kitchen, common room 3. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, common room 3. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. It would be good to have a common room 3 . The common room 3 should be at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2. 