Can you make a living room ? Make living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  I would like to have common room 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, kitchen, dining room. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, dining room, master room, bathroom. The dining room should be considered. The dining room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The dining room connects to the living room, common room 1, kitchen, master room, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, balcony, master room, bathroom. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 16. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 2, master room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, kitchen, dining room, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, dining room, common room 2. 