Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The kitchen attaches to the living room, balcony 1, common room. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. Can we have a balcony 1 ? I would like to place balcony 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 14?  The balcony 1 should be next to the kitchen, master room. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15.  The balcony 2 should be next to the living room, master room, common room, bathroom. The common room should be considered. The common room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the kitchen, living room, balcony 2, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony 3 . Place balcony 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 3 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5? The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 should be next to the bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the living room, master room, balcony 2, common room, balcony 3. 