It would be good to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, balcony. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, kitchen, balcony. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Make storage approx 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  Make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the storage, bathroom, kitchen, balcony. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2, kitchen, living room, balcony. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The kitchen connects to the master room, common room 2, bathroom, living room. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, bathroom, living room. 