It would be good to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, storage, living room, master room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, storage, living room. I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage about 12 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage should be next to the bathroom, kitchen. The living room should be considered. The living room should be around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3?  The balcony attaches to the living room, master room. 