Can you make a common room ? It would be great to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the living room, entrance, bathroom 2, balcony. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? Can we have a entrance ? Can we have entrance to be at north side.  It would be great to have entrance around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. The entrance attaches to the common room, living room, master room, bathroom 2, balcony, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, entrance, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, balcony. The bathroom 1 should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 attaches to the living room, master room, balcony. Make a bathroom 2 . Place bathroom 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom 2 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 connects to the common room, entrance, master room, kitchen. Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2.  The balcony should be next to the common room, living room, entrance, master room, bathroom 1. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The kitchen connects to the entrance, bathroom 2. 