Can we have a common room ? It would be good to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom 1, living room, bathroom 2, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom 1 . The bathroom 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 connects to the common room, kitchen, living room, bathroom 2, master room. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The kitchen connects to the bathroom 1, living room, bathroom 2, dining room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? The bathroom 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the common room, bathroom 1, kitchen, living room, master room, dining room. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  Make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6.  The balcony connects to the common room, living room, master room. Can you make a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. Make dining room about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, living room, bathroom 2. 