The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, kitchen, storage, common room 3, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, storage, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, storage, common room 3, living room. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. Make storage about 10 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The storage should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, bathroom, balcony. Can we have a common room 3 ? The common room 3 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, storage, common room 3, living room. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? 