I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 2. Can we have a entrance ? It would be good to place entrance at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have entrance to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The entrance should be next to the kitchen, common room 2. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the entrance, living room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, living room, bathroom, common room 2. It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, living room, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, entrance, balcony. 