It would be great to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the storage, bathroom, balcony, master room. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, master room. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the storage, bathroom, balcony, master room. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, balcony, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, balcony, living room, master room. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen. The living room should be considered. Make living room about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, storage, common room 2, kitchen. 