Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the living room, entrance, storage, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? Make living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. Make a entrance . I would like to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have entrance about 13 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The entrance attaches to the kitchen, living room, common room 1, bathroom, master room. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, entrance, storage, bathroom. Make a storage . Place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13? The storage attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, bathroom, master room. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, entrance, common room 1, storage, master room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  It would be good to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, master room. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, entrance, storage, bathroom, common room 2. 