Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room, storage, master room, kitchen. I would like to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony, storage, living room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. Can you make a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The storage connects to the balcony, common room, living room, master room, kitchen, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, storage, living room, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  Can you make kitchen approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The kitchen should be next to the balcony, storage, living room, master room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. Make a bathroom 1 . Can we have bathroom 1 to be at south east corner.  Can you make bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the common room, storage, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom 2 ? Place bathroom 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom 2 around 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 should be next to the common room, storage, kitchen. 