I would like to have a living room . Make living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, bathroom, master room, balcony, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, common room 1, bathroom, balcony, dining room, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. Make a dining room . Place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. The dining room should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The dining room attaches to the living room, master room, kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen connects to the master room, dining room, common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, common room 1, balcony, dining room, kitchen. 