Can you make a living room ? Make living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 3, bathroom. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the master room. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 3, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at north west corner.  Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The kitchen attaches to the common room 3, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 3, bathroom. Can you make a common room 3 ? It would be good to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 3 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the living room, master room, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, master room, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2. 