Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, living room, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room. It would be good to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. It would be good to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, living room, kitchen. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, common room 2, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, living room, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a dining room ? Place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The dining room should be next to the living room, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13? The kitchen attaches to the balcony, living room, master room, bathroom, common room 2, dining room. 