It would be great to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, master room. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, balcony. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the living room, entrance, bathroom. Make a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, balcony, entrance, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2.  The balcony attaches to the living room, master room, common room 2. The entrance should be considered. The entrance should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make entrance about 12 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12? The entrance connects to the living room, kitchen, common room 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, entrance. 