Can you make a dining room ? Place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. The dining room attaches to the living room, common room 1, kitchen. It would be great to have a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can we have balcony to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2?  The balcony attaches to the living room, master room, common room 2. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, kitchen, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the dining room, living room, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, balcony, common room 1, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, living room, master room, common room 1, common room 2. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, master room, common room 1. 