The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Can we have common room 1 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, living room, common room 3. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom. It would be great to have a living room . Make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, common room 3, balcony. The common room 3 should be considered. I would like to place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the bathroom, living room, common room 2, master room, balcony. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south side.  Can we have master room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, common room 3, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 2, common room 3, master room. 