Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom 1, bathroom 3, living room. I would like to have a bathroom 1 . Can we have bathroom 1 to be at south side.  It would be great to have bathroom 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 should be next to the kitchen, common room, bathroom 3, master room, living room. I would like to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the bathroom 1, bathroom 3, living room, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom 2 . The bathroom 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 2 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 should be next to the bathroom 3, master room, living room. The bathroom 3 should be considered. The bathroom 3 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 3 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom 3 can be used by guest. The bathroom 3 connects to the kitchen, bathroom 1, common room, bathroom 2, living room. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, balcony. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the common room, master room. 