I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, storage, living room. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, master room, common room 2, storage, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, common room 1, storage, living room. Can you make a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be around 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The storage connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, kitchen. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? 