It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom. I would like to have a living room . Make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the master room, living room, common room 1, common room 2, dining room. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, common room 1, dining room, kitchen. Can you make a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south east corner.  Can we have dining room to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? The dining room attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, storage, kitchen. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The storage should be next to the living room, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, dining room, storage. 