It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 2. Can we have a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony, living room, kitchen, common room 2, dining room. Can you make a living room ? Make living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, living room, kitchen, common room 2, dining room. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The kitchen connects to the master room, common room 1, dining room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, balcony, master room, living room, common room 1. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Make dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The dining room should be next to the master room, living room, common room 1, kitchen. 