Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the balcony, master room, storage, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the storage, bathroom. Make a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage. Make a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the kitchen, master room, living room. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, balcony, living room. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? Can we have a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 23 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The storage connects to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, storage. 