I would like to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The dining room connects to the kitchen, living room, bathroom, master room. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the dining room, living room, common room 1, bathroom, balcony. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  The common room 1 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, living room, bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the dining room, kitchen, living room, common room 1, common room 2. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, master room, balcony. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the dining room, common room 2, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9?  The balcony connects to the kitchen, living room, common room 2, master room. 