I would like to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room, balcony 1, living room, dining room. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room, balcony 1, balcony 2, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 16.  The balcony 1 connects to the common room, master room, balcony 2, bathroom. Make a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1?  The balcony 2 should be next to the master room, balcony 1, kitchen, living room, bathroom, dining room. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The kitchen connects to the balcony 2, living room, dining room. It would be great to have a living room . Can you make living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the master room, balcony 1, balcony 2, living room, dining room. The dining room should be considered. It would be great to place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The dining room should be next to the common room, balcony 2, kitchen, living room, bathroom. 