The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  Can you make master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, storage, bathroom. Make a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, storage, kitchen, living room. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. The storage should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7. The storage attaches to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the master room, storage, common room 2, kitchen. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, storage, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. Can you make a living room ? Make living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. 