It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, balcony, storage, living room. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, common room 2, balcony, storage, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, balcony, storage, living room. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  Can we have balcony to be around 19 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 13? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can you make a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The storage should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, living room, bathroom. It would be great to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The kitchen connects to the storage, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at north east corner.  Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the storage. 