Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, living room, master room, balcony, kitchen, storage. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, master room. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 2, living room, master room. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, living room, storage. Can you make a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage approx 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The storage connects to the common room 2, kitchen. 