Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, living room, common room 3. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony, master room, common room 1, kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2, living room, common room 3. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 10. Can we have a common room 3 ? Can we have common room 3 to be at south west corner.  Can you make common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony, kitchen, living room. 