Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, kitchen, balcony. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room, kitchen. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 3. The common room 3 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the master room, living room, kitchen, balcony. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 3, living room, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south east corner.  I would like to have balcony approx 25 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 3, kitchen. 