Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, living room, balcony, storage. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12? I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, bathroom, storage. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the living room, common room 2, bathroom. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, kitchen, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, living room, balcony, kitchen, common room 2. It would be good to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12? The storage should be next to the common room 1, living room, balcony. 