Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, living room, storage. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room. Can we have a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, living room, storage. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, living room, storage. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, storage. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, storage. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, kitchen, common room 2, living room. 