I would like to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at south side.  Can we have common room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1, master room, balcony 3, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 about 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, living room. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room, balcony 2, balcony 3, bathroom. Make a balcony 2 . Place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 2 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the master room, balcony 3, living room, bathroom. Can we have a balcony 3 ? Place balcony 3 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 3 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2.  The balcony 3 should be next to the common room, master room, balcony 2, living room. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room, master room, balcony 2, living room, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the common room, living room, bathroom. 