It would be good to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, living room, master room, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, living room, bathroom, balcony. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 2, dining room, kitchen. Can you make a dining room ? It would be good to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The dining room should be next to the bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, dining room. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, balcony. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. 