I would like to have a balcony 1 . Place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony 1 attaches to the balcony 2, master room, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14.  The balcony 2 should be next to the balcony 1, master room, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room, living room, bathroom. Make a common room . Place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room, balcony 3, kitchen, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony 3 . I would like to place balcony 3 at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 3 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 attaches to the common room, kitchen, living room, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The kitchen connects to the balcony 2, common room, balcony 3, living room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the balcony 1, master room, common room, balcony 3, kitchen. 