Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, common room 3, master room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, balcony, master room, bathroom. Can we have a common room 3 ? Place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 1, balcony, master room, bathroom. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 2, common room 3, master room. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the living room, bathroom. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, balcony. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be approx 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can you make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, common room 3, kitchen, living room. 