Can we have a common room ? Can we have common room to be at north side.  The common room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the storage, kitchen, balcony 1, master room, living room. Make a storage . It would be great to place storage at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The storage connects to the common room, kitchen, balcony 1, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the balcony 2, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the common room, storage, master room, balcony 2, living room. Can you make a balcony 1 ? It would be good to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, storage, master room, balcony 2, living room. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room, kitchen, balcony 1, balcony 2, living room. I would like to have a balcony 2 . Can we have balcony 2 to be at south side.  I would like to have balcony 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, balcony 1, master room, living room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. 