Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom, balcony 1, living room, balcony 2. I would like to have a storage . It would be great to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The storage attaches to the kitchen, common room, balcony 1, living room, balcony 2. The common room should be considered. I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. The common room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the storage, bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. It would be great to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  I would like to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room, master room, living room. It would be great to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. It would be good to have a balcony 1 . Can we have balcony 1 to be at north side.  Make balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony 1 attaches to the kitchen, storage, common room, master room, living room. It would be great to have a living room . Make living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. Can you make a balcony 2 ? The balcony 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 2 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1?  The balcony 2 should be next to the kitchen, storage, common room, master room, living room. 