The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, living room, bathroom. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the master room, living room, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, balcony, dining room. Can you make a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south west corner.  Can we have dining room to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The dining room attaches to the living room, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the living room, dining room, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, dining room, kitchen. 