Can you make a balcony 1 ? I would like to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1.  The balcony 1 attaches to the master room, balcony 3, living room. Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room, bathroom, balcony 3. Make a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the master room, common room, bathroom, balcony 3, living room. It would be good to have a common room . Place common room at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the master room, balcony 2, living room. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, balcony 2, balcony 3, kitchen. The balcony 3 should be considered. It would be good to place balcony 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. The balcony 3 should be around 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 connects to the balcony 1, master room, balcony 2, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, balcony 3. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? 