I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, storage, living room, balcony, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, living room. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the storage. It would be great to have a storage . Place storage at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have storage around 19 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The storage should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, living room, master room, common room 2. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, living room, balcony, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, master room, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  It would be great to have common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, storage, living room, master room, balcony. 