Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, storage, balcony. It would be great to have a storage . It would be great to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5? The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, storage, balcony. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, storage, living room, balcony. 