Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, storage, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, storage, balcony, common room 2. It would be great to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Make storage around 23 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The storage attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, master room, living room. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, storage, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3?  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? 