Make a storage . It would be great to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The storage connects to the bathroom, common room. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the storage, master room, living room, kitchen. The common room should be considered. Can we have common room to be at north side.  I would like to have common room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the storage, balcony 1, balcony 2, master room, living room, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, balcony 2, master room, kitchen. It would be great to have a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the common room, balcony 1, master room. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room, balcony 1, balcony 2. Make a living room . The living room should be about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room, balcony 1. 