Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south east corner.  The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, dining room. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, dining room, kitchen, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, bathroom, kitchen, master room, common room 2. It would be good to have a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at south side.  The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The dining room connects to the balcony, bathroom, kitchen, master room. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 1, dining room, living room. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, dining room. Make a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1. 