Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 2, storage, bathroom, kitchen, living room, balcony. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south west corner.  Can we have common room 2 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, balcony. The storage should be considered. It would be great to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The storage attaches to the common room 1. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The kitchen connects to the common room 1. I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room around 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. 