The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, balcony, bathroom. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  I would like to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the storage, balcony, bathroom. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, balcony, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, living room. Make a living room . Make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. 