The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, storage, kitchen. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, storage, balcony, master room. It would be great to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  Can we have storage to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3? The storage should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony, master room. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, master room, living room. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the bathroom, storage, kitchen, master room. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, storage, kitchen, balcony, living room. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. 