Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can we have master room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, storage, common room 2, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, storage, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The storage connects to the master room, common room 1. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, master room, kitchen, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, living room. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15? 