Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, bathroom. The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, common room 2, living room, balcony, kitchen, storage. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, common room 1, living room, bathroom, storage. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, living room, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 2, living room, balcony, kitchen, storage. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom, storage. Can we have a storage ? Can we have storage to be at north side.  Can you make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The storage connects to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, bathroom, kitchen. 