I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, common room 1. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. It would be great to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 2, master room. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, common room 1, common room 3, master room. I would like to have a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at north east corner.  I would like to have common room 3 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the living room, common room 2, master room, balcony. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 3, master room. 