It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room, bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. It would be great to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The dining room attaches to the kitchen, living room, master room, common room, bathroom, balcony 1. Can we have a living room ? Make living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the dining room, bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. Make a common room . It would be good to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the dining room, living room, bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, dining room, living room, master room, common room. The balcony 1 should be considered. Can we have balcony 1 to be at south side.  I would like to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3.  The balcony 1 should be next to the kitchen, dining room, master room, common room. I would like to have a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 2 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1?  The balcony 2 should be next to the kitchen, living room, master room, common room. 