It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 1. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, balcony, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, dining room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom, dining room. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room around 1000 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. I would like to have a dining room . Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? The dining room should be next to the bathroom, kitchen. 