The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, balcony, dining room, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, balcony, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, kitchen, dining room. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, dining room. I would like to have a dining room . It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The dining room should be next to the master room, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. 