It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  It would be great to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, master room, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  The common room 1 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, storage, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, storage, master room, living room. Can we have a storage ? The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The storage connects to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, balcony. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, common room 2, balcony. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, storage, master room, living room. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. 