Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 1. Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, common room 2, master room. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, balcony, master room, living room, storage. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 2, master room, storage. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, living room, storage. Make a living room . The living room should be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. It would be great to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at north east corner.  Can we have storage to be approx 9 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 15? The storage should be next to the common room 2, balcony, master room, living room, storage. 