It would be great to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, master room, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 3, bathroom, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a common room 3 . It would be great to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 2, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 2, common room 3, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The kitchen connects to the common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. 