The bathroom 1 should be considered. I would like to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 should be next to the master room, living room, common room 1. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom 1, balcony, kitchen. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 9?  The balcony should be next to the master room, living room, common room 2. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom 1, living room, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, common room 1, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen connects to the master room, living room, common room 2, bathroom 2. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the living room, kitchen. 