Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, master room, storage, living room. I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, bathroom. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, storage, bathroom, living room. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, common room 2, living room, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, master room, storage, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the storage, bathroom. Make a living room . The living room should be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The kitchen connects to the storage. 