It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the master room, living room. It would be great to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  It would be great to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, living room, kitchen, balcony, common room 3. The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the master room, living room, common room 1, balcony. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, kitchen, common room 2, balcony, common room 3. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, common room 1. It would be great to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, living room, kitchen, common room 1, common room 3. I would like to have a common room 3 . Place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the master room, living room, common room 1, balcony. 