It would be good to have a balcony 1 . Can we have balcony 1 to be at north west corner.  It would be great to have balcony 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 13. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 connects to the common room, master room. It would be great to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony 1, master room, storage, living room, balcony 2. It would be great to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, common room, storage, living room. Make a storage . It would be good to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The storage connects to the common room, master room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, kitchen, balcony 2. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom, balcony 2. The balcony 2 should be considered. I would like to place balcony 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 around 10 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the common room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony 2. 