It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the storage, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom. I would like to have a storage . Place storage at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The storage should be next to the master room, kitchen, common room 1. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13? The kitchen should be next to the storage, common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, storage, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, kitchen, common room 1, bathroom, balcony. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 2, balcony. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room approx 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15.  The balcony attaches to the common room 2, bathroom. 