I would like to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at south east corner.  I would like to have common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom, balcony 2, master room, living room, balcony 3. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room, kitchen, balcony 2, master room, living room, balcony 3. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2, master room, living room, balcony 3. Make a balcony 1 . It would be good to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the kitchen, balcony 2, living room. I would like to have a balcony 2 . Can we have balcony 2 to be at north side.  It would be good to have balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony 2 connects to the common room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony 1, living room. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at south side.  The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room, bathroom, kitchen, living room, balcony 3. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? Make a balcony 3 . I would like to place balcony 3 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 connects to the common room, bathroom, kitchen, master room. 