I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, storage, living room, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, storage, bathroom, kitchen, living room, master room. It would be great to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. Make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The storage attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2, storage, kitchen, balcony. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, master room, balcony. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, balcony. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5?  The balcony connects to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, master room. 