I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, living room. It would be good to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, storage. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, balcony, storage. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, storage, master room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make balcony around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 2, living room, storage, master room. Can you make a storage ? Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room, balcony, master room. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony, storage. 