The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, balcony, common room 2, living room, storage. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, living room, storage. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. It would be great to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, balcony, living room, kitchen, bathroom. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, living room, bathroom. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, living room, kitchen, storage. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The storage attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, bathroom. 