The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the balcony, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, common room 3. It would be great to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  It would be great to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, living room, common room 3, bathroom. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, common room 3. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. Can we have a common room 3 ? It would be great to place common room 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 3 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, master room, balcony, living room. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 2, living room. 