Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The storage connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, living room, common room 2. It would be good to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 2. It would be good to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the storage, common room 1, living room, balcony. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the storage, master room, living room, balcony. Make a living room . The living room should be approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1. 