Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The kitchen connects to the balcony, bathroom. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The storage attaches to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4?  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, storage, master room, common room 1, living room. Make a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage, master room, common room 1, living room. Make a living room . It would be good to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, storage, master room, common room 1, living room. 