The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room, bathroom, storage 2. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The kitchen connects to the balcony, common room, storage 1, bathroom, storage 2. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the kitchen, common room, storage 1, bathroom. The common room should be considered. I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the master room, kitchen, balcony, storage 1, living room. Can you make a storage 1 ? The storage 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage 1 approx 12 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4? The storage 1 connects to the kitchen, balcony, common room, bathroom, storage 2. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, kitchen, balcony, storage 1, storage 2. It would be good to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. I would like to have a storage 2 . Can we have storage 2 to be at south east corner.  Can you make storage 2 around 10 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 16? The storage 2 connects to the master room, kitchen, storage 1, bathroom. 