I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The storage attaches to the master room, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room, kitchen. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  The common room 2 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, living room, balcony. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the storage, bathroom, common room 1. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room. 