The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, storage, bathroom. Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5?  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5? The kitchen should be next to the storage. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, storage, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage, bathroom. It would be great to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The storage attaches to the master room, kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. 