It would be good to have a balcony 1 . Place balcony 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15.  The balcony 1 attaches to the balcony 3, common room, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15.  The balcony 2 should be next to the master room, bathroom, living room. The balcony 3 should be considered. It would be great to place balcony 3 at the south side of the apartment. The balcony 3 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 attaches to the balcony 1, common room, master room. I would like to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1, balcony 3, master room, bathroom, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 2, balcony 3, common room, bathroom, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony 2, common room, master room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The kitchen attaches to the balcony 1, common room, master room. It would be good to have a living room . Make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. 