I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room, living room, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, living room, dining room, balcony 1, balcony 2. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the bathroom, balcony 2. The living room should be considered. The living room should be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. It would be great to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The dining room should be next to the bathroom, master room, living room, balcony 1, kitchen. It would be good to have a balcony 1 . It would be great to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the master room, dining room, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, living room, dining room, balcony 1, balcony 2. Can we have a balcony 2 ? Can we have balcony 2 to be at south side.  I would like to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony 2 connects to the master room, common room, living room, kitchen. 