It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 1, balcony, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. It would be great to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room 2, bathroom, master room. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3.  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, living room, common room 2, master room. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, common room 1, balcony, bathroom. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room 1, common room 2, common room 3. Can you make a common room 3 ? I would like to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the living room, bathroom, master room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, common room 3. 