Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the master room, kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, living room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, kitchen, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the balcony, master room, bathroom, common room 2, living room. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, storage, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, storage, living room. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at south side.  It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The storage connects to the bathroom, common room 2. It would be great to have a living room . Make living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. 