It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The kitchen should be next to the master room, bathroom 2. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom 1, master room, living room. Can we have a bathroom 1 ? The bathroom 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom 1 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, common room 1, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, living room, balcony, common room 2. The bathroom 2 should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the kitchen, master room, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom 1, master room, bathroom 2, living room, balcony. 