It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, storage. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, storage, balcony. Make a storage . It would be great to place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The storage should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, common room 2, living room. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, storage, balcony. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8?  The balcony connects to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a living room . Make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. 