Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen. Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 2. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at north west corner.  I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The storage should be next to the master room, common room 1. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, common room 1, balcony, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, master room, balcony, common room 2, living room. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, balcony, living room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. 