Can you make a common room ? The common room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony, entrance, kitchen. It would be great to have a master room 1 . The master room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 attaches to the master room 2, bathroom, balcony, living room. Can we have a master room 2 ? It would be great to place master room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 connects to the master room 1, bathroom, balcony, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room 1, master room 2, balcony, living room, kitchen. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room, master room 1, master room 2, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a entrance ? It would be good to place entrance at the north west corner of the apartment. The entrance should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The entrance should be next to the common room, living room. It would be good to have a living room . Can you make living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the common room, bathroom, balcony, living room. 