Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, balcony, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, storage, common room 2, living room. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 4. The storage should be next to the balcony, bathroom, living room, kitchen. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, storage, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, balcony, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3? The kitchen connects to the storage, common room 2, living room. 