The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, living room, common room 2, balcony, bathroom, dining room. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2, dining room. The dining room should be considered. The dining room should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The dining room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the living room, dining room. 