Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, balcony. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, kitchen, storage, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The kitchen connects to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2. It would be good to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, kitchen, living room, storage, balcony. Make a storage . Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The storage connects to the common room 1, common room 2. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1?  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2. 