The common room 1 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, master room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, master room, balcony. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, storage, master room. I would like to have a storage . Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The storage attaches to the bathroom, master room. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, bathroom, storage, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the living room, kitchen, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, balcony. 