The balcony 1 should be considered. It would be great to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, balcony 2, master room. Can you make a common room ? Place common room at the north side of the apartment. Make common room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, kitchen. Can we have a balcony 2 ? It would be good to place balcony 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the balcony 1, common room, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony 3, kitchen, master room. I would like to have a balcony 3 . The balcony 3 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 3 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, master room. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the common room, bathroom, balcony 3, master room. Can you make a living room ? Make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 3, kitchen, living room. 