The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at south side.  Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, common room 3, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 2, balcony, kitchen, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, common room 1, balcony, common room 3, kitchen. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen, living room. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at north west corner.  It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony, common room 3, kitchen. Can we have a common room 3 ? I would like to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the master room, common room 2, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at north west corner.  Can you make kitchen around 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. 