It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 1, living room, storage, common room 2. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, living room. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, living room, storage, balcony, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, living room, common room 2. Make a living room . It would be great to have living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4? The storage connects to the kitchen, master room. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the master room, living room, common room 2. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, balcony. 