It would be great to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The storage attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 2, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, master room, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage, bathroom, common room 1, balcony. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom, common room 1. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  Can you make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11?  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? 