Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, common room 3, bathroom, living room. The common room 3 should be considered. Can we have common room 3 to be at north east corner.  Can you make common room 3 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, master room, bathroom, living room. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 3, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5?  The balcony connects to the master room, bathroom, living room. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, balcony, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? 