It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom, storage, common room 2. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1?  The balcony connects to the master room, storage, common room 1, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the master room, storage, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, living room. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 10 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The storage attaches to the master room, balcony, bathroom, common room 2. Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, bathroom, storage, common room 1, kitchen, living room. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? 