I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, storage, balcony. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. Can we have a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  Make master room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, storage, balcony. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, storage, balcony, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14? 