The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, dining room, storage, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, dining room, common room, storage. Make a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The dining room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, common room, master room, living room. Make a common room . The common room should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the bathroom, dining room, storage. Can we have a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The storage attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room, master room, balcony, living room. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the dining room, storage, balcony. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the storage, master room, living room. It would be good to have a living room . Make living room approx 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. 