Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the living room, common room 1, master room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, storage. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, storage, bathroom. Make a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be approx 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The storage connects to the living room, common room 1, master room, common room 2, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, storage, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom. 