I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 7. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the kitchen. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 1. I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The storage should be next to the living room, common room 1, balcony. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, kitchen, storage, master room, common room 2, balcony. Make a master room . Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, common room 1, common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, common room 1, master room, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the living room, storage, common room 1, common room 2. 