Can we have a common room ? Place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the master room, balcony, storage, living room, dining room. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room, balcony, storage, living room, bathroom, kitchen. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 9.  The balcony should be next to the common room, master room, bathroom, kitchen. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at north side.  I would like to have storage around 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The storage should be next to the common room, master room, living room, dining room. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the master room, balcony, living room, kitchen, dining room. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have kitchen about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen attaches to the master room, balcony, bathroom, dining room. Make a dining room . Place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5? The dining room attaches to the common room, storage, living room, bathroom, kitchen. 