I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2, common room 3, living room. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  It would be good to have common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, common room 1, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The kitchen attaches to the master room, common room 2, common room 3, living room. Can we have a common room 3 ? The common room 3 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? 