Can you make a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The kitchen connects to the dining room, master room, common room 2. Make a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The dining room should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, bathroom, living room, common room 2. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the dining room, bathroom, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the dining room, common room 1, master room, living room. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony. The living room should be considered. The living room should be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3.  The balcony connects to the master room, living room, common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north west corner.  The common room 2 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, dining room, living room, balcony. 