Make a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? Make a master room . The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony, dining room, common room 1, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, master room, kitchen, common room 2. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9? The kitchen attaches to the living room, master room, bathroom, dining room, common room 1. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the living room, master room, common room 1. I would like to have a dining room . Place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The dining room connects to the living room, master room, kitchen, common room 1. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, kitchen, balcony, dining room. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, master room, bathroom. 