Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room, balcony. The living room should be considered. The living room should be around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, dining room, kitchen. I would like to have a dining room . It would be good to place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The dining room connects to the living room, common room 2. It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  It would be great to have kitchen about 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, living room, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 16. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, master room. 