I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, storage, living room. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, master room, balcony, storage, living room. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, storage, living room. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. I would like to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The storage should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, master room, living room. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. 