Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, bathroom, balcony, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, dining room, living room, kitchen, common room 2. Make a dining room . Place dining room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The dining room connects to the bathroom, living room, kitchen. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom, dining room, living room, common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, living room, kitchen. 