The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony. Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, storage, kitchen, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, storage, living room. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at south side.  It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, storage, living room, balcony. Make a living room . It would be great to have living room about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, kitchen, living room. 