It would be good to have a master room 1 . I would like to place master room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 should be next to the common room, storage, living room, balcony. Can you make a common room ? It would be good to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the master room 1, kitchen, storage, master room 2, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the common room, storage, living room. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  Can you make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The storage connects to the master room 1, common room, kitchen, bathroom, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the storage, master room 2, living room. Can we have a master room 2 ? It would be great to place master room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room 2 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 should be next to the common room, bathroom, balcony. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3?  The balcony attaches to the master room 1, master room 2, living room. 