The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at south side.  Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 2, living room. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 2, kitchen. Make a storage . Place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The storage should be next to the kitchen. It would be good to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, storage, living room. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. 