Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, living room. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 3. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 3, living room. Can we have a common room 3 ? It would be good to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 3 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the master room, balcony, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, common room 3, living room. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? 