Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room, balcony. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, common room 2, bathroom, master room, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, bathroom, living room, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, dining room, living room. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. It would be great to have a dining room . It would be great to place dining room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The dining room connects to the kitchen, bathroom, living room. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2.  The balcony connects to the kitchen, common room 2, master room. 