Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, balcony, bathroom. Can we have a storage ? Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3. The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, balcony, master room, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3?  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, balcony, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The kitchen connects to the master room, bathroom, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can you make a living room ? Make living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. 