The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The kitchen connects to the living room, bathroom, common room 2, master room. It would be great to have a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, living room, common room 1. It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, bathroom, storage. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  It would be good to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The storage should be next to the living room, common room 1. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  It would be good to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, living room, master room, balcony. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room 2, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 2, master room. 