The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, living room, master room, common room. Make a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15.  The balcony 1 attaches to the kitchen, living room, master room, common room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, balcony 1, storage. It would be great to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 12 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The storage connects to the kitchen, living room, balcony 2, master room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. It would be good to have a balcony 2 . Can we have balcony 2 to be at north west corner.  Can you make balcony 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5?  The balcony 2 attaches to the storage, living room, master room, common room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony 1, storage, balcony 2. Can we have a common room ? The common room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. 