Make a living room . Can you make living room approx 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room, bathroom, storage 2. The common room should be considered. I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the living room, master room, balcony, kitchen, storage 1. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room, kitchen, storage 1, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The kitchen connects to the common room, balcony, storage 1, bathroom, storage 2. The storage 1 should be considered. I would like to place storage 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage 1 approx 12 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The storage 1 connects to the common room, balcony, kitchen, bathroom, storage 2. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, balcony, kitchen, storage 1, storage 2. I would like to have a storage 2 . It would be great to place storage 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage 2 should be around 10 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 16. The storage 2 connects to the master room, kitchen, storage 1, bathroom. 