It would be good to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, master room, bathroom, balcony 2. The balcony 1 should be considered. Place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8.  The balcony 1 connects to the common room, master room, balcony 2. It would be good to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room, balcony 1, balcony 3, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room, kitchen, balcony 3. It would be great to have a balcony 2 . It would be good to place balcony 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2.  The balcony 2 attaches to the common room, balcony 1, kitchen, balcony 3, living room. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, balcony 2, balcony 3. I would like to have a balcony 3 . It would be great to place balcony 3 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 connects to the master room, bathroom, balcony 2, kitchen, living room. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? 