Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, living room, balcony. Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the master room, dining room, kitchen, balcony. Make a dining room . The dining room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11? The dining room connects to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 2, living room, balcony. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, dining room, common room 2. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the dining room, kitchen, living room, balcony. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5?  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, dining room, common room 2, living room. 