The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, dining room. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7? The kitchen attaches to the dining room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? It would be good to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The dining room connects to the common room 1, kitchen, living room, master room, bathroom, balcony. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, dining room, common room 2, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, master room, bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, living room, dining room, master room, common room 2. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the dining room, master room, common room 2. 