I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen connects to the bathroom. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 3, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, living room. I would like to have a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 3 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the bathroom, master room, balcony, living room. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 3, balcony, living room. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 3, master room. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. 