Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 3. Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, kitchen, living room, bathroom, common room 2. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, living room, bathroom, common room 3. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, living room, bathroom, common room 2, common room 3. It would be good to have a living room . Make living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 3. Can we have a common room 3 ? Can we have common room 3 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the balcony, master room, kitchen, common room 2. 