Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The dining room connects to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the living room, master room. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the dining room, living room, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the dining room, common room 1, kitchen, bathroom. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The kitchen connects to the dining room, common room 1, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the dining room, living room, common room 1, common room 2, master room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom. 