Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 1, storage, balcony, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, master room, storage, living room. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, common room 1, storage, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, master room, storage, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  The storage should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The storage attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, master room, common room 1, balcony. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, balcony. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, master room, storage, common room 2, living room. The living room should be considered. Make living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. 