Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, balcony, common room 3, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, balcony, master room, common room 3, living room. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. Can we have a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, balcony, common room 3, living room. Make a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at south side.  I would like to have common room 3 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, bathroom, living room. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 3, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. 