It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the living room, dining room, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, dining room, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, bathroom, balcony, common room 2. Can we have a living room ? Make living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, dining room, common room 2. I would like to have a dining room . Place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The dining room should be next to the kitchen, master room, living room, bathroom, balcony, common room 2. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, dining room, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, living room, bathroom, dining room, balcony. 