The master room 1 should be considered. Place master room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room 1 to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 should be next to the storage, balcony. I would like to have a master room 2 . I would like to place master room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have master room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 should be next to the storage, balcony, kitchen. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at south side.  The storage should be approx 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The storage attaches to the master room 1, master room 2, common room, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the storage, balcony, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the storage, kitchen. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 16?  The balcony should be next to the master room 1, master room 2, common room, living room. I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 13. The kitchen connects to the master room 2, common room, bathroom, living room. 