The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, common room 3, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, master room, balcony. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The kitchen connects to the common room 1. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the common room 2, master room, common room 3, living room. Can we have a common room 3 ? It would be great to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the bathroom, balcony. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? 