Make a living room . Make living room approx 1200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, common room 3. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, master room, common room 2, common room 3. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at south side.  Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, master room, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3.  The balcony connects to the living room, kitchen, master room, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 3 . The common room 3 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom. 