Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom 2, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom 1, living room. Make a bathroom 1 . Place bathroom 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 connects to the common room 1, living room. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . Place bathroom 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 should be next to the kitchen, living room, master room, common room 2. Make a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can we have master room to be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom 2, living room, common room 2, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom 2, living room, master room, balcony. It would be great to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2. 