Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom. Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, master room, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, master room, living room. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2.  The balcony connects to the common room 2, master room, common room 3, living room. The common room 3 should be considered. The common room 3 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 3 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony. It would be great to have a living room . Make living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. 