Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, storage. Make a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen. It would be great to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The storage attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south west corner.  Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, storage, common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the storage, kitchen, living room. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. 