Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room, bathroom 1, storage, bathroom 2, balcony, living room. The common room should be considered. Can we have common room to be at north side.  I would like to have common room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the master room, balcony, kitchen. The bathroom 1 should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the master room, storage, bathroom 2. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The storage should be next to the master room, bathroom 1. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? The bathroom 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the master room, bathroom 1, kitchen. It would be great to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room, living room. Make a living room . Make living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the common room, bathroom 2. 