Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, balcony. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, master room, balcony. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. Make a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, dining room, kitchen. The dining room should be considered. It would be great to place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make dining room about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The dining room should be next to the living room, common room 2, kitchen. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, dining room. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  Make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, living room, balcony. Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 16? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, master room. 