Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, dining room, common room 2, bathroom, master room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, dining room, common room 2, living room, balcony. Make a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6? The dining room should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room, master room. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, dining room, bathroom, living room, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, dining room, common room 2, living room, master room, balcony. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, dining room, bathroom, living room, balcony. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room, master room. 