Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 1, master room. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, storage. It would be great to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, balcony, storage. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony, storage. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony connects to the common room 2, master room, living room. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The storage connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? 