I would like to have a common room . Place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, storage. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2? The kitchen attaches to the common room, master room 1, master room 2, living room. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room, master room 1, master room 2, storage, living room. Can we have a master room 1 ? I would like to place master room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony. The master room 2 should be considered. Can we have master room 2 to be at north east corner.  Make master room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, living room, balcony. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage about 9 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The storage connects to the common room, bathroom. It would be good to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2?  The balcony connects to the master room 1, master room 2, living room. 