It would be great to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 4.  The balcony attaches to the master room, kitchen, common room 3, living room. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room. The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The kitchen connects to the balcony, living room, bathroom. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, common room 3. Make a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. Can we have a living room ? It would be good to have living room around 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, kitchen, common room 3, living room. 