I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2. Make a master room . The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, master room, living room, common room 2, dining room. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, common room 1, living room, dining room. Can you make a dining room ? Place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The dining room attaches to the common room 1, living room, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the dining room. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the living room, dining room. 