Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, storage, bathroom, living room. Make a storage . I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The storage connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 2, kitchen, living room. The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. 