Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, balcony, kitchen. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, living room. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the storage, balcony, kitchen. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, bathroom, living room. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a living room . Can you make living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13? 