Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, balcony, storage, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, storage, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be approx 25 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The storage should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, bathroom, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, storage, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, storage, common room 2, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? 