Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, living room. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, master room, living room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The storage should be considered. Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The storage connects to the kitchen. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 2, kitchen. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the living room, storage, bathroom. 