Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, living room, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the storage, living room. It would be great to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The storage should be next to the bathroom, master room, living room. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, storage, balcony. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room. 