Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, dining room, balcony 1, common room, balcony 2. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, kitchen, dining room, balcony 1, common room. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The kitchen connects to the living room, master room, bathroom, dining room, balcony 1, balcony 2. It would be good to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The dining room should be next to the living room, master room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony 1, common room, balcony 2. Can you make a balcony 1 ? Can we have balcony 1 to be at south side.  I would like to have balcony 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, dining room, common room. Make a common room . Place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the living room, master room, bathroom, dining room, balcony 1, balcony 2. I would like to have a balcony 2 . Place balcony 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3?  The balcony 2 attaches to the living room, master room, kitchen, dining room, common room. 