It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room, balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a common room . The common room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room, balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom, living room. Can you make a balcony 1 ? It would be good to place balcony 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make balcony 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 connects to the master room, common room, balcony 2, kitchen. Can we have a balcony 2 ? Can we have balcony 2 to be at north west corner.  Make balcony 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the master room, common room, balcony 1. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room, kitchen, living room. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The dining room connects to the kitchen, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The kitchen attaches to the master room, balcony 1, bathroom, dining room, living room. It would be good to have a living room . It would be great to have living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. 