Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, living room, common room 3. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south side.  Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, common room 3. The living room should be considered. Make living room approx 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, bathroom, kitchen, common room 3. It would be great to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  It would be good to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, common room 3. I would like to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, living room, common room 3. Can we have a common room 3 ? It would be good to place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the master room, balcony, living room, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2. 