Make a living room . Can we have living room to be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, balcony, bathroom, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south side.  It would be great to have storage around 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The storage attaches to the master room, balcony, common room, bathroom, dining room. Can we have a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south east corner.  The balcony should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 15. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, storage, dining room, kitchen. I would like to have a common room . Place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room should be about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the living room, storage, bathroom, dining room, kitchen. It would be great to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, master room, storage, common room, dining room. Can we have a dining room ? Place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The dining room connects to the living room, master room, storage, balcony, common room, bathroom, kitchen. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The kitchen attaches to the master room, balcony, common room, dining room. 