It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, bathroom, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the master room, balcony, common room 1, common room 2, storage. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, balcony, common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, living room. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, storage. The storage should be considered. Place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The storage should be next to the bathroom, kitchen. It would be great to have a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. 