Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, bathroom, storage. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, living room, balcony. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, storage, living room, balcony. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, storage. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 11. The storage should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? Make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1.  The balcony connects to the common room 2, master room, living room. 