Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, balcony, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, balcony, living room, bathroom. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, master room, living room, common room 3, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 3. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 2, living room. Can we have a living room ? Make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. I would like to have a common room 3 . Place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 11. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony. 