The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the dining room, living room. I would like to have a dining room . Place dining room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7? The dining room attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, living room, bathroom, balcony. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, living room, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7? The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 2, master room. Can we have a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 14? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 2, master room. 