The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, storage. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 2, master room, living room, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, storage. It would be great to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. The storage should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The storage attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, master room, living room. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  I would like to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, storage, balcony. It would be good to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south west corner.  The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, living room. 