The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, storage, common room 2, living room. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south side.  Can you make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The storage connects to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3.  The balcony connects to the master room, storage, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, storage, common room 2, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room. Make a living room . The living room should be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. 