Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen attaches to the living room, bathroom. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be approx 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony connects to the living room, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2, storage. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, storage. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, master room, common room 1. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 1, storage. Make a storage . Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The storage connects to the living room, master room, common room 1, common room 2. 