Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, storage, balcony. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, master room, living room. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the storage, balcony. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, balcony, living room. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. It would be good to have a living room . It would be good to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. 