It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room, bathroom 2, living room, storage. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room, bathroom 2, storage. Can you make a common room ? It would be great to place common room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the master room, balcony, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom 1 . Can we have bathroom 1 to be at north west corner.  It would be great to have bathroom 1 around 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 should be next to the living room. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the common room, bathroom 2, living room, storage. Make a bathroom 2 . Can we have bathroom 2 to be at north east corner.  I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the master room, balcony, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? Make a storage . Can we have storage to be at north side.  I would like to have storage about 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The storage connects to the master room, balcony, kitchen. 