I would like to have a balcony 1 . It would be great to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the master room, common room. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north side.  Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, common room, bathroom. The common room should be considered. It would be great to place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, master room, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room, dining room, balcony 2. Can we have a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? The dining room attaches to the living room, kitchen, balcony 2. I would like to have a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the kitchen, dining room. 