Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, kitchen, storage, balcony. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, kitchen, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  It would be great to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, storage. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. Can you make a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 9. The storage connects to the common room 2, kitchen, living room, balcony. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2?  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room, storage. 