I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, kitchen, dining room, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, balcony, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1. It would be great to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 1. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, dining room. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the master room, common room 2, dining room. Make a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at north side.  Can you make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The dining room connects to the master room, common room 2, kitchen, living room. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. 