I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. It would be great to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, kitchen, common room 3. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2? The kitchen connects to the living room, common room 1, bathroom, common room 3. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, kitchen, common room 2, common room 3. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, bathroom, master room, common room 3. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, common room 2, common room 3, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 3 . The common room 3 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the living room, common room 1, kitchen, bathroom, common room 2, master room, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2?  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 3. 