It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, living room. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, balcony, living room. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 13?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, kitchen, dining room. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, dining room. It would be great to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, dining room. I would like to have a living room . Make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. Make a dining room . It would be good to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The dining room attaches to the common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, living room. 