Make a storage . Can we have storage to be at north west corner.  Can we have storage to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The storage attaches to the dining room, living room, common room 1, kitchen. Can we have a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The dining room should be next to the storage, living room, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, dining room, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the dining room, living room, common room 2, kitchen. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the dining room, living room, bathroom. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at south east corner.  The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The kitchen connects to the storage, dining room, common room 1, bathroom, master room. 