Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, balcony. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, living room, entrance. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, kitchen, bathroom, entrance. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony, entrance. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 17 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, entrance. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south west corner.  The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, living room, entrance. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be around 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? Can we have a entrance ? Can we have entrance to be at north side.  Can you make entrance around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The entrance connects to the master room, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, balcony. 