Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the storage, kitchen, balcony 1, balcony 2. It would be good to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have storage about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The storage should be next to the master room, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the storage, common room, living room. The common room should be considered. It would be great to place common room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, balcony 1, balcony 2. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The kitchen should be next to the master room, common room, balcony 1, living room. I would like to have a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be approx 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the master room, common room, kitchen. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. Make a balcony 2 . Place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1.  The balcony 2 should be next to the master room, common room, living room. 