The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, storage, balcony. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, bathroom. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The storage connects to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2. It would be good to have a master room . The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, storage, balcony. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, storage, balcony, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, living room, common room 2. 