Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, kitchen, dining room, living room. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, kitchen, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, dining room, common room 2, living room. Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The dining room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, master room, bathroom, dining room, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? 