Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The kitchen should be next to the balcony, common room 1, living room, master room. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south side.  Make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, master room, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2. Make a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The storage connects to the master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom. Make a living room . I would like to have living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  It would be good to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, balcony, bathroom, storage, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south west corner.  The common room 2 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, bathroom, storage, living room, master room. 