Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, dining room. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, balcony, living room. Make a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, balcony, living room. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 2, master room, kitchen, bathroom, dining room, living room. Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, dining room, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, balcony, kitchen, dining room. It would be good to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the north side of the apartment. The dining room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The dining room connects to the common room 1, balcony, kitchen, bathroom, living room. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? 