It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen connects to the living room, storage, common room 1, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, bathroom. Make a living room . I would like to have living room about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. It would be great to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony connects to the master room, living room, common room 2. Make a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  Can you make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The storage connects to the kitchen, living room, common room 1, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the master room, living room, common room 1, common room 2. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, storage, bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, balcony, storage, bathroom, common room 1. 