Can you make a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. The storage should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The storage connects to the kitchen, living room, common room 2, bathroom. The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the storage, balcony, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be approx 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4.  The balcony should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room 1, master room. It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, living room, common room 1, master room, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the storage, kitchen, common room 2. 