It would be great to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, kitchen, balcony, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11? I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, dining room. Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The dining room connects to the living room, kitchen, balcony, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11?  The balcony connects to the common room 1, living room, dining room, common room 2, master room. Make a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, balcony, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, dining room, master room. 