Can we have a master room 1 ? I would like to place master room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 should be next to the kitchen, dining room, living room. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the master room 1, dining room. Can we have a dining room ? The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The dining room connects to the master room 1, kitchen, living room. Can you make a common room ? Place common room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the master room 2, balcony, bathroom, living room. Can you make a master room 2 ? Place master room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make master room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 should be next to the common room, balcony, bathroom, living room. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room, master room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room, master room 2. It would be good to have a living room . Can you make living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11? 