The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen connects to the bathroom 1, common room 1. Can we have a bathroom 1 ? It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 should be next to the kitchen, common room 1. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom 1, common room 2, living room, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, master room. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? It would be great to have a bathroom 2 . It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. The bathroom 2 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest.  Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room. 