It would be good to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, common room 2, entrance, balcony. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, living room. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, entrance. I would like to have a entrance . Can we have entrance to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have entrance approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The entrance connects to the common room 1, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. It would be great to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, living room. 