Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, kitchen, bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, kitchen, bathroom, common room 2, common room 3. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The kitchen should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 3. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony, common room 3. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south side.  Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the master room, bathroom, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. Can you make a common room 3 ? I would like to place common room 3 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, living room. 