Make a common room . Place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, master room, balcony 2, storage, living room. It would be great to have a balcony 1 . Can we have balcony 1 to be at north side.  The balcony 1 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the common room, master room, kitchen, bathroom. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room, balcony 1, kitchen, bathroom, storage, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The kitchen attaches to the balcony 1, master room, balcony 2, bathroom, storage. It would be great to have a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the common room, kitchen, bathroom, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony 1, master room, kitchen, balcony 2, storage. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage about 23 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The storage connects to the common room, master room, kitchen, bathroom, living room. The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. 