It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, dining room. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, living room, master room, kitchen, dining room. Make a living room . Make living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can you make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, master room, kitchen, dining room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, dining room. Can you make a dining room ? It would be good to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The dining room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, living room, common room 2, kitchen. 