Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, kitchen, living room. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room, master room. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, living room, master room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, balcony, storage. Can we have a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage connects to the common room 2, living room, master room. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, balcony, storage. 