It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, balcony, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, living room, kitchen. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, balcony, common room 3. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room, common room 3, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . Make living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. I would like to have a common room 3 . Place common room 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, balcony, living room, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The kitchen attaches to the master room, bathroom, balcony, common room 3. 