It would be great to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The dining room attaches to the living room, common room 2, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, bathroom. It would be great to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom. Make a living room . Make living room approx 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. It would be good to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 1.  The balcony connects to the master room, living room, common room 2, kitchen. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the dining room, master room, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room, balcony, bathroom. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, living room, kitchen. 