Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2?  The balcony attaches to the master room, living room. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, living room, dining room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room, dining room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, dining room. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The dining room should be considered. Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5? The dining room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, living room. 