The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at north west corner.  The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 2. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 1, common room 3, master room. It would be great to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 2, living room, balcony. The living room should be considered. Make living room about 1050 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, balcony. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 3, living room, master room. 