The common room should be considered. Place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the master room, living room, kitchen, entrance, bathroom. It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room, living room, balcony, kitchen, entrance. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, living room, kitchen, entrance. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13? The kitchen should be next to the common room, master room, living room, balcony. I would like to have a entrance . The entrance should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have entrance about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 14. The entrance connects to the common room, master room, living room, balcony, bathroom, storage. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the common room, living room, entrance, storage. Make a storage . It would be great to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The storage connects to the entrance, bathroom. 