Can you make a storage ? Place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The storage attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The kitchen connects to the storage, bathroom, living room. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the storage, kitchen, master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1, living room. Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room, balcony, common room 2, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2? 