Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  The common room 1 should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  I would like to have common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, living room. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, living room, balcony. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, kitchen, balcony. Can we have a common room 3 ? Place common room 3 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the balcony. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, common room 3, living room. 