Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, storage, living room, balcony. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, common room 2, storage, living room, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, storage, living room, bathroom, balcony. It would be great to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The storage connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, storage, living room, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  It would be great to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. 