Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, master room, balcony. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, common room 2, storage. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, storage. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, living room, common room 2, balcony, storage. Make a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, bathroom, master room, balcony, storage. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, storage. It would be great to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at north west corner.  Can we have storage to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The storage should be next to the living room, bathroom, kitchen, master room, common room 2, balcony. 