Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room, dining room. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony, living room, dining room. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony, living room. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  Can you make bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room, dining room. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1.  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The dining room should be considered. It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The dining room should be next to the kitchen, master room, bathroom, living room. 