I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, dining room. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen, dining room, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, master room, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north west corner.  Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, dining room, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south west corner.  I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, master room, bathroom, kitchen. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3? The kitchen should be next to the balcony, master room, common room 2, dining room, living room. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The dining room connects to the balcony, master room, bathroom, kitchen. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? 