The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  Can you make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at north east corner.  Can you make dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? The dining room connects to the balcony, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony. I would like to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 15.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, dining room, common room 2, common room 3, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, dining room, balcony, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, dining room, common room 3, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 1000 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? 