Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, storage, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, storage, common room 2, living room, balcony. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, master room, storage, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can you make a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can you make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The storage should be next to the bathroom, master room, common room 1, kitchen, balcony. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, master room, common room 1, kitchen, balcony. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, storage, common room 2. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. The balcony should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 15.  The balcony should be next to the master room, storage, common room 2, living room. 