Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 1, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, balcony. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, storage, kitchen, living room. Can we have a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The storage should be next to the balcony, kitchen, living room. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The kitchen connects to the balcony, storage. It would be great to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. 