Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, balcony, dining room. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, balcony, common room 2, dining room, bathroom. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the master room, living room, common room 1, balcony, common room 2, kitchen. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, common room 1, balcony, dining room, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at south side.  The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The dining room connects to the master room, living room, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room, kitchen. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The kitchen connects to the living room, balcony, common room 2, dining room, bathroom. 