The common room should be considered. Can we have common room to be at north east corner.  Can we have common room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom 1, living room, dining room, balcony, bathroom 2. It would be good to have a bathroom 1 . I would like to place bathroom 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 should be next to the common room, living room, dining room, balcony. Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The kitchen should be next to the living room, dining room, balcony, bathroom 2. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. Make a dining room . Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The dining room should be next to the common room, bathroom 1, kitchen, living room, master room, bathroom 2. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 3?  The balcony connects to the common room, bathroom 1, kitchen, living room, master room. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the dining room, balcony, bathroom 2. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the common room, kitchen, living room, dining room, master room. 