The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The kitchen attaches to the balcony 2, master room, balcony 3. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony 2, master room, common room, balcony 3. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. It would be good to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7.  The balcony 1 connects to the living room, master room, common room, balcony 3. Can you make a balcony 2 ? Can we have balcony 2 to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, common room. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, living room, balcony 1, balcony 2, common room. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom, living room, balcony 1, balcony 2, master room. Make a balcony 3 . I would like to place balcony 3 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4?  The balcony 3 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, living room, balcony 1. 