The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the dining room, living room. Can you make a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room 1. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the dining room, common room 2, master room. Make a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, balcony, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 2, master room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 2, master room. Make a living room . Make living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. 