I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, master room, common room 1, living room. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony, living room. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  The common room 1 should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, storage, balcony, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, balcony, living room. Make a storage . Place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 25 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 4? The storage attaches to the common room 1. Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 4?  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? 