Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, master room, balcony, bathroom, storage. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, storage. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, storage. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The kitchen should be next to the balcony, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south west corner.  I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony, living room. Make a living room . Can you make living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? I would like to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. Make storage around 19 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. 