Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom, dining room. Can you make a balcony 1 ? It would be good to place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the master room, kitchen, common room, dining room. It would be good to have a balcony 2 . Can we have balcony 2 to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2.  The balcony 2 attaches to the master room, kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The kitchen attaches to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room, bathroom, dining room, living room. I would like to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at south east corner.  The common room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1, kitchen, bathroom, living room. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, kitchen, common room, dining room, living room. Can we have a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Can we have dining room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? The dining room connects to the master room, balcony 1, kitchen, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. 