Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 3. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? The kitchen connects to the common room 2, balcony. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony. Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 3, balcony. The common room 3 should be considered. I would like to place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 3 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4.  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, master room, bathroom, common room 3, living room. The living room should be considered. Make living room approx 1200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. 