I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, master room, bathroom, storage. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, bathroom, storage. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, master room, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? Make living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. It would be good to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 2, kitchen. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen connects to the common room 2, living room, master room. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2, living room, storage. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The storage attaches to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom. 