It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8.  The balcony attaches to the master room, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a storage . Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? The storage connects to the kitchen, common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  It would be good to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony, master room, kitchen, common room 2. It would be good to have a living room . Make living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the storage, bathroom, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the storage, common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room, kitchen. 