Make a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, bathroom. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  It would be great to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, balcony, kitchen, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, storage. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage approx 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The storage connects to the common room 2, bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, balcony, kitchen, storage, living room. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13? 