Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, kitchen, master room, balcony 3. Make a living room . Can you make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The balcony 1 should be considered. I would like to place balcony 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 13?  The balcony 1 attaches to the bathroom, living room, common room. Make a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, master room, balcony 3. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, balcony 2, balcony 3. It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, living room, balcony 2, balcony 3. Can we have a common room ? I would like to place common room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1. Can we have a balcony 3 ? The balcony 3 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 3 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 11? The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 connects to the bathroom, living room, balcony 2, kitchen, master room. 