The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, common room 3, balcony, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 3, master room, bathroom, living room. Make a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The kitchen connects to the common room 2, common room 3, living room. It would be good to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, master room, balcony, living room. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, common room 3, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 3, master room. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 2. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? 