It would be great to have a balcony 1 . It would be good to place balcony 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 connects to the balcony 2, master room, common room, living room. Can you make a balcony 2 ? I would like to place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1.  The balcony 2 attaches to the balcony 1, master room, common room, bathroom, living room. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, storage. Can you make a common room ? The common room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, storage. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony 2, kitchen, storage. Make a living room . The living room should be approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, living room, storage. Make a storage . It would be good to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. Make storage about 9 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The storage should be next to the master room, common room, bathroom, living room, kitchen, storage. 