The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  It would be good to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, balcony, storage, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, storage, living room. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, master room, living room. It would be good to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13? The storage attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, living room. 