Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, living room. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north west corner.  Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, kitchen, living room, common room 3. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The kitchen connects to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south side.  The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, living room, bathroom, common room 2, common room 3. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  It would be good to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, common room 3. It would be great to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2. 