The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, balcony. Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, master room, kitchen, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, balcony, living room. I would like to have a storage . Place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16? The storage attaches to the kitchen, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, kitchen, storage, living room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. 