I would like to have a balcony 1 . Place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3.  The balcony 1 attaches to the master room, common room, storage, living room. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, storage, kitchen. The common room should be considered. I would like to place common room at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, storage, bathroom, balcony 2, living room. The storage should be considered. Place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The storage connects to the balcony 1, master room, common room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony 2, living room. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the common room, storage, kitchen, balcony 2, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16. The kitchen should be next to the master room, storage, bathroom, balcony 2, living room. Make a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the common room, storage, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? 