Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The kitchen connects to the dining room, common room, balcony 2, master room. The dining room should be considered. Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room, living room, balcony 2, bathroom, master room. The common room should be considered. I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the kitchen, dining room, living room, balcony 1, balcony 2, bathroom. Can we have a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The balcony 1 should be considered. It would be great to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 2.  The balcony 1 connects to the common room, living room, balcony 2, master room. It would be great to have a balcony 2 . Place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 around 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15?  The balcony 2 should be next to the kitchen, dining room, common room, balcony 1. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the dining room, common room, living room, master room. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, dining room, balcony 1, bathroom. 