Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1, common room 2, living room. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at south east corner.  It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1. Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, master room, balcony, common room 2, dining room, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, common room 1, dining room. Can you make a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The dining room attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, dining room, living room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13. 