Can we have a living room ? The living room should be around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 15. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the living room, entrance, master room. Can you make a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make dining room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The dining room attaches to the entrance, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, kitchen. Can we have a entrance ? It would be great to place entrance at the south side of the apartment. Can you make entrance approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The entrance attaches to the living room, balcony, dining room, bathroom 1, master room, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom 1 . Place bathroom 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 connects to the living room, dining room, entrance, bathroom 2, master room, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom 2 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 should be next to the living room, dining room, bathroom 1, master room, kitchen. Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, balcony, entrance, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, entrance, bathroom 1, bathroom 2. 