The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room about 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, common room 2, master room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 3. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The kitchen connects to the balcony, bathroom, master room. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 4.  The balcony connects to the living room, kitchen, bathroom, common room 3. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, balcony, common room 3. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, common room 3. Make a common room 3 . It would be great to place common room 3 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 2, balcony, bathroom, master room. 