Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, common room 2, master room, balcony. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room around 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, common room 3. It would be good to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, balcony, bathroom, kitchen, common room 3. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1?  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, living room, common room 2, master room, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the living room, common room 2, master room, kitchen, common room 3. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The kitchen should be next to the master room, balcony, bathroom, common room 3. The common room 3 should be considered. I would like to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 3 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, master room, bathroom, kitchen. 