Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, balcony, common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5?  The balcony connects to the common room 1, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The kitchen connects to the balcony, common room 2, bathroom, storage. Can you make a storage ? Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The storage attaches to the kitchen. It would be good to have a living room . Make living room approx 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. 