Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, balcony, living room, dining room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  It would be great to have common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, balcony, living room. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, dining room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, living room, dining room. Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room, dining room. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, dining room. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? I would like to have a dining room . It would be great to place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The dining room attaches to the master room, balcony, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom, living room. 