The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1?  The balcony connects to the master room, living room, kitchen 2. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom 2, kitchen 2. Make a bathroom 1 . It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The bathroom 1 is private. The bathroom 1 attaches to the common room, bathroom 2, living room. It would be good to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at south side.  Make common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, kitchen 2. It would be good to have a bathroom 2 . The bathroom 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the master room, bathroom 1, common room. The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. Make a kitchen 1 . Place kitchen 1 at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen 1 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The kitchen 1 should be next to the living room, kitchen 2. The kitchen 2 should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen 2 approx 16 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen 2 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room, living room, kitchen 1. 