The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the balcony, common room 1, living room, dining room, common room 2. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The kitchen connects to the living room, dining room, common room 2. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the bathroom, living room, master room. Make a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, living room, common room 2. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. It would be great to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The dining room should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, living room, master room, common room 2. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, dining room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, common room 1, living room, dining room. 