Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, master room, entrance. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at south east corner.  I would like to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, common room 1, entrance. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, entrance, dining room, bathroom. Can we have a entrance ? Can we have entrance to be at north side.  The entrance should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The entrance connects to the living room, common room 1, master room, common room 2, dining room, kitchen. Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The dining room attaches to the living room, common room 2, entrance, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The kitchen connects to the living room, entrance, dining room, bathroom. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 7? The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, dining room, kitchen. 