Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, common room 3. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 3, living room. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 3, balcony. Make a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 3 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, master room, balcony. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be approx 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 3, living room. 