Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, dining room, living room. It would be great to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, kitchen, living room, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, bathroom, common room 1, kitchen, dining room, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room. Make a dining room . Place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The dining room attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room. 