It would be great to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, kitchen, storage. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3.  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, bathroom. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, kitchen, storage. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The kitchen attaches to the master room, bathroom, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The storage should be considered. The storage should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be approx 25 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The storage connects to the master room, common room 2, living room. 