It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 16? The kitchen should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, master room. The balcony 1 should be considered. The balcony 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3.  The balcony 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, common room, balcony 3, living room. I would like to have a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5.  The balcony 2 should be next to the kitchen, balcony 3, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony 1, common room, master room. I would like to have a common room . It would be great to place common room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, bathroom, master room. It would be great to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, common room, balcony 3, living room. Make a balcony 3 . The balcony 3 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15.  The balcony 3 should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, master room. Make a living room . I would like to have living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. 