Make a master room . The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, bathroom, balcony, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, kitchen, balcony. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, bathroom, common room 2, living room. The common room 3 should be considered. The common room 3 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the master room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? 