The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, balcony. The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room about 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2, common room 3. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, common room 3. I would like to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the balcony, kitchen. 