Can you make a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13?  The balcony attaches to the bathroom 1, common room, bathroom 2, living room. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the storage, common room, living room, master room. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The storage connects to the kitchen, master room. It would be good to have a bathroom 1 . Can we have bathroom 1 to be at south east corner.  Can we have bathroom 1 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2? The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 attaches to the balcony, common room, master room. The common room should be considered. Place common room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony, kitchen, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, master room. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom 2 should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 2. The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 attaches to the balcony, common room, master room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3? I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, storage, bathroom 1, common room, bathroom 2, living room. 