It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the kitchen, dining room, bathroom. It would be good to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the balcony, dining room, common room 1, bathroom, living room. Can we have a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south east corner.  It would be good to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The dining room should be next to the balcony, kitchen, common room 1, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, dining room, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the balcony, kitchen, common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom. I would like to have a living room . Make living room approx 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. 