The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, storage. It would be great to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north east corner.  Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the storage, master room, living room. The storage should be considered. Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The storage attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3.  The balcony connects to the master room, living room, common room 2. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, balcony. 