The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, storage, bathroom, common room 2, balcony. It would be good to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The storage attaches to the kitchen, master room, living room. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the storage, bathroom, balcony. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, living room. 