Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony, common room 1, storage, common room 2, living room. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, storage. Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, kitchen. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  It would be good to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, balcony, storage, kitchen. Can we have a storage ? Can we have storage to be at north side.  It would be good to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7. The storage attaches to the master room, bathroom, common room 1, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, common room 1, storage, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? 