Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, master room, common room 2, living room. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, storage, living room. It would be good to have a storage . Place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The storage should be next to the common room 2, living room. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The kitchen connects to the bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. 