Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, storage, bathroom, living room. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, storage. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south side of the apartment. The storage should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, balcony. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, storage. Make a living room . Make living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, living room. 