Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, balcony, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  It would be good to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room 2, kitchen. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, kitchen. It would be great to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, common room 3, living room, kitchen. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 3. I would like to have a common room 3 . Place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the balcony, master room. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room about 1100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, balcony, living room. 