Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, common room 3, living room. It would be good to have a common room 3 . It would be great to place common room 3 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the bathroom, common room 2, master room, living room. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 3, balcony. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2.  The balcony connects to the bathroom, master room, living room. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room about 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. 