Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, dining room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, dining room, master room, balcony. The dining room should be considered. Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The dining room connects to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, balcony, living room. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, dining room, balcony, common room 2, bathroom, living room. Can we have a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, dining room, master room, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, balcony, bathroom, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 2. Make a living room . It would be great to have living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. 