It would be great to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, bathroom. Can you make a balcony 1 ? Place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1.  The balcony 1 connects to the master room, common room, storage, living room, kitchen, balcony 2. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room, storage, living room, kitchen. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, bathroom, balcony 2. I would like to have a storage . It would be good to place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The storage connects to the balcony 1, bathroom. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9? I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The kitchen connects to the balcony 1, bathroom, living room, balcony 2. Can you make a balcony 2 ? I would like to place balcony 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the balcony 1, common room, living room, kitchen. 