I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The kitchen connects to the balcony 1, dining room, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony 1 . Can we have balcony 1 to be at south side.  I would like to have balcony 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 connects to the kitchen, dining room, common room, bathroom, master room. Make a dining room . It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, balcony 1, common room, living room, bathroom, master room. Make a common room . Can we have common room to be at south east corner.  Can we have common room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, dining room, living room, bathroom, balcony 2. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, balcony 1, dining room, common room, living room, master room, balcony 2. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 1, dining room, living room, bathroom, balcony 2. Can we have a balcony 2 ? I would like to place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3?  The balcony 2 connects to the common room, living room, bathroom, master room. 