Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony 1, common room. I would like to have a balcony 1 . I would like to place balcony 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5?  The balcony 1 should be next to the bathroom, living room, kitchen, balcony 3, master room, common room. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the balcony 1, living room, balcony 2, balcony 3, common room. Can we have a balcony 2 ? Can we have balcony 2 to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the kitchen, master room, common room. Make a balcony 3 . I would like to place balcony 3 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 should be next to the balcony 1, kitchen, common room. It would be great to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony 1, living room, balcony 2, common room. Can you make a common room ? The common room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the bathroom, balcony 1, living room, kitchen, balcony 2, balcony 3, master room. 