The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, master room, common room 3. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, storage, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, master room, kitchen, storage. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, storage. Can you make a storage ? Place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The storage attaches to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at south west corner.  It would be good to have common room 3 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, living room. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. 