Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, balcony, storage. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, storage, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, storage, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  The bathroom should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, kitchen, storage, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 11? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, storage, living room. It would be great to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 17 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 2.  The balcony should be next to the master room, balcony, living room. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11? The storage attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. 