Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the storage, kitchen, master room, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, kitchen, master room, living room. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. The storage should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, kitchen, living room. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, living room. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the master room, living room. 