I would like to have a balcony 1 . It would be good to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13.  The balcony 1 connects to the common room, master room, kitchen. Can you make a common room ? The common room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make common room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, balcony 2, master room, bathroom, balcony 3. It would be great to have a balcony 2 . Place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the common room, master room. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, common room, balcony 2, bathroom, balcony 3. It would be good to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room, master room, kitchen, balcony 3. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11? The kitchen connects to the balcony 1, bathroom, living room, balcony 3. The living room should be considered. Make living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The balcony 3 should be considered. It would be great to place balcony 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony 3 approx 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8. The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 connects to the common room, master room, bathroom, kitchen. 