The common room 1 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony 1, bathroom, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, balcony 1. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, balcony 1, bathroom. It would be great to have a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make balcony 1 about 11 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, living room. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, living room. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony 2, living room. Can you make a balcony 2 ? The balcony 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1.  The balcony 2 attaches to the master room. Make a living room . I would like to have living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. 