It would be great to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom 1. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, bathroom 2. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? I would like to have a bathroom 1 . Place bathroom 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the common room 1, living room, bathroom 2. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the living room, master room, common room 2. It would be great to have a bathroom 2 . The bathroom 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the kitchen, bathroom 1. 