The dining room should be considered. Can we have dining room to be at south side.  It would be good to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The kitchen connects to the dining room, common room 1, master room, balcony, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the dining room, kitchen, master room, balcony, bathroom. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, common room 1, balcony, common room 2. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony connects to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, common room 2. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the dining room, master room, balcony, bathroom, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? 