Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, common room 2, living room. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, living room. Make a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  The common room 2 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, common room 3. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, balcony, common room 3. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 2, master room, common room 3. It would be good to have a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 3 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the bathroom, master room, balcony. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 1100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. 