Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, bathroom, living room, master room. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  It would be great to have balcony around 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, common room 3, master room. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, kitchen, living room, master room. The common room 3 should be considered. Place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the balcony, bathroom, master room. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 3, kitchen, living room. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen connects to the common room 2, bathroom, living room. Can you make a living room ? Make living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, balcony, common room 2, common room 3, living room. 