Make a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, storage. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, balcony, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, master room, living room. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, balcony, storage. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony attaches to the bathroom, master room, living room. Can you make a storage ? The storage should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The storage should be approx 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The storage attaches to the kitchen, master room. Can we have a living room ? It would be good to have living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. 