Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, dining room, living room, kitchen. The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, balcony, bathroom, living room. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, dining room, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen. It would be great to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room, living room, kitchen. It would be great to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The dining room connects to the master room, balcony, bathroom, kitchen. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7? Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The kitchen attaches to the master room, balcony, common room 2, bathroom, dining room. 