The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, bathroom, common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, storage, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, storage. It would be good to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The storage attaches to the master room, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2? The kitchen should be next to the storage, living room. Make a living room . It would be good to have living room around 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, living room. 