I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, kitchen. The common room 2 should be considered. The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, common room 1. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 3. Can you make a common room 3 ? Can we have common room 3 to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have common room 3 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the living room, master room, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the living room, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the common room 3, balcony. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, common room 3, balcony. 