I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, balcony, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom 1 . Place bathroom 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 1 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 attaches to the bathroom 2, living room. Can we have a bathroom 2 ? I would like to place bathroom 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 2 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 should be next to the bathroom 1, kitchen, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 14. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom 2. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, master room. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony. 