Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 1. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, storage, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, common room 1, balcony, storage, living room. It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a storage . It would be great to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The storage connects to the master room, common room 2, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? 