The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the storage, bathroom, balcony. Can we have a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south east corner.  Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13? The storage should be next to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, living room, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the storage, bathroom, living room, balcony. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, storage, common room 1, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom, living room, common room 2. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, kitchen, living room, balcony. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4.  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2. 