The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, bathroom, storage, living room. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, living room. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, storage, common room 2. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11? The storage attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7.  The balcony connects to the common room 2, living room. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, storage, balcony, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? 