I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, living room, kitchen, storage. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, kitchen, storage. Make a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, kitchen, bathroom, storage. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11? The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, living room, common room 2, kitchen. Can you make a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be around 19 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The storage should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2. 