I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at south west corner.  I would like to have storage approx 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The storage connects to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, living room. It would be great to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, storage, common room 1, master room, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, storage, bathroom, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, balcony. Make a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? 