Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room, common room 2, storage, kitchen. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the balcony, master room, common room 2, storage, kitchen. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Can you make a storage ? It would be good to place storage at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The storage attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  It would be good to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, storage. Make a living room . Make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. 