It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the entrance 1, balcony, living room. Can you make a entrance 1 ? Place entrance 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make entrance 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5? The entrance 1 should be next to the bathroom, kitchen, balcony, living room, common room, entrance 2. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen connects to the entrance 1, balcony, living room. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, entrance 1, kitchen, living room, master room, common room, entrance 2. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at south east corner.  The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, living room, common room, entrance 2. Can you make a common room ? It would be good to place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the entrance 1, balcony, master room, entrance 2. I would like to have a entrance 2 . Place entrance 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have entrance 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The entrance 2 should be next to the entrance 1, balcony, living room, master room, common room. 