The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, living room. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, common room 3, master room, living room. The common room 3 should be considered. Can we have common room 3 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 3 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 2, balcony, living room. Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the south side of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13.  The balcony connects to the bathroom, common room 3, master room, kitchen, living room. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? The kitchen should be next to the balcony. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9. 