I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The kitchen attaches to the storage. Can you make a living room ? Make living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, storage, master room, balcony. I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, storage. The storage should be considered. Can we have storage to be at north east corner.  I would like to have storage around 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The storage should be next to the kitchen, living room, bathroom, common room 1, master room, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, bathroom, storage, balcony, common room 2. Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, storage, master room, balcony. 