Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11?  The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, living room. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, common room 3, kitchen, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, common room 3, living room. The common room 3 should be considered. Place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom. The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. 