The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room, master room, dining room, living room, balcony 1, balcony 2. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, living room, balcony 1. Make a common room . The common room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the kitchen, master room, dining room, balcony 2. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, common room, dining room, balcony 1. Can we have a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15? The dining room should be next to the kitchen, common room, master room, living room, balcony 1, balcony 2. Make a living room . The living room should be approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The balcony 1 should be considered. The balcony 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 1 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2?  The balcony 1 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, master room, dining room, living room. It would be good to have a balcony 2 . Place balcony 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 should be next to the kitchen, common room, dining room. 