I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, master room, common room 2, living room. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, balcony. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen attaches to the storage, balcony. I would like to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The storage should be next to the kitchen. Can we have a living room ? Make living room about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 13?  The balcony attaches to the common room 2, kitchen, living room. 