The common room 1 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, dining room. The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. I would like to have a dining room . Place dining room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The dining room should be next to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, master room. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north west corner.  Can you make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? The kitchen attaches to the living room, dining room. Make a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, dining room, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, master room, balcony. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the living room. 