Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the living room, common room, master room 2, balcony. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16? The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room, storage. It would be great to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at south side.  The common room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the kitchen, bathroom, storage. Can you make a storage ? Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The storage attaches to the living room, bathroom, common room, master room 1, master room 2. The master room 1 should be considered. Place master room 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 attaches to the living room, storage, master room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a master room 2 . I would like to place master room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room 2 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 should be next to the kitchen, living room, storage, master room 1, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, master room 1, master room 2. 