I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, storage, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a balcony 1 . It would be great to place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony 1 connects to the master room, storage, kitchen, common room, bathroom, living room. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11? The storage attaches to the master room, balcony 1, common room, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? The kitchen connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room. Can we have a balcony 2 ? It would be great to place balcony 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the kitchen, common room, bathroom, living room. Can we have a common room ? The common room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony 1, storage, kitchen, balcony 2, bathroom, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, balcony 1, balcony 2, common room. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. 