The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 2, common room 3. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, common room 3. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  I would like to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, balcony, living room. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, master room, balcony, common room 3. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 3 . The common room 3 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2. Can you make a living room ? Make living room around 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. 