Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, living room. Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the kitchen, bathroom, storage, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, storage, master room. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The storage should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, balcony, common room 2, living room. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, storage, balcony, living room. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2?  The balcony should be next to the storage, master room, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north west corner.  The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, storage, balcony. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room about 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. 