I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, entrance, bathroom. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be around 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. Make a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 2, common room 3, entrance, master room. Make a common room 3 . The common room 3 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the living room, kitchen, entrance, bathroom. I would like to have a entrance . Can we have entrance to be at south side.  It would be great to have entrance around 25 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 13. The entrance connects to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, common room 3, bathroom, master room. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, common room 3, entrance, master room. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, kitchen, entrance, bathroom. 