The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, living room, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, master room, storage, common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, storage, common room 2, living room, balcony. It would be good to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, living room, balcony. Can we have a storage ? Can we have storage to be at north side.  Make storage around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 6. The storage should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, living room. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, master room. 