Make a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, storage, bathroom, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, bathroom, common room 2. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, balcony, bathroom. Make a storage . The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. The storage should be approx 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The storage should be next to the master room, bathroom. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, balcony, common room 1, storage. Make a living room . Make living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. It would be good to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 12. The kitchen attaches to the living room, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, balcony, living room, kitchen. 