Make a entrance . It would be great to place entrance at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have entrance to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4? The entrance connects to the common room 1, balcony, master room, living room, kitchen. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the entrance, balcony, living room, bathroom, kitchen. The balcony should be considered. It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13?  The balcony connects to the entrance, common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south side.  I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the entrance, balcony, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  I would like to have bathroom approx 13 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, bathroom, kitchen. It would be great to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13. The kitchen connects to the entrance, common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2. 