Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, common room 3, bathroom. It would be great to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 3, living room, bathroom. Can you make a master room ? It would be good to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, common room 3, balcony, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 3 to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, balcony. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1?  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 3, living room. The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room approx 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. Make a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the living room, bathroom. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, kitchen. 