Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, storage, bathroom, living room. The storage should be considered. The storage should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The storage should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The kitchen connects to the master room, common room 2, bathroom. It would be great to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. 