I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, dining room, master room, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room, master room, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, master room, balcony. I would like to have a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Make dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The dining room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, master room, balcony, living room. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen, balcony. Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, master room, living room. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. 