Make a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5?  The balcony should be next to the master room, storage, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can you make master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, storage. Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, kitchen, common room 2, storage, bathroom, living room. It would be good to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, bathroom. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, storage, bathroom, living room. Make a storage . Place storage at the south side of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 22 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12? The storage connects to the balcony, master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, living room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. 