Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, master room, balcony, common room 3. I would like to have a living room . It would be great to have living room about 1100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 1, master room. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, common room 2, common room 3. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, master room, balcony, common room 3. I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, living room, common room 2. Make a common room 3 . It would be great to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 attaches to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2. 