Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, dining room. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  Make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, living room, dining room. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony, living room, dining room. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room, dining room. It would be good to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony, dining room. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the common room 2, master room, living room. Can we have a living room ? The living room should be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. Can you make a dining room ? Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, master room, living room. 