Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, living room, master room, kitchen, common room 2, storage. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, living room, common room 2, balcony. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, living room, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, common room 1, living room, kitchen. It would be great to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, living room, master room. Make a storage . It would be great to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The storage connects to the bathroom, living room. 