Can we have a living room ? The living room should be about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, common room 1, balcony, storage. I would like to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, kitchen, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, balcony. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, kitchen. It would be good to have a storage . Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. The storage should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The storage should be next to the master room. 