It would be good to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom 1, common room 2, living room. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room. The bathroom 1 should be considered. Place bathroom 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom 1 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2? The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 connects to the master room, common room 1, living room. It would be great to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom 1, kitchen. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be around 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, bathroom 2. Can you make a bathroom 2 ? I would like to place bathroom 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 should be next to the kitchen. 