The common room should be considered. It would be good to place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the kitchen, balcony 1, bathroom, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11? The kitchen attaches to the common room, balcony 1, storage, bathroom, living room, master room. I would like to have a balcony 1 . Place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 connects to the common room, kitchen, storage, living room, master room. Make a storage . The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The storage should be next to the kitchen, balcony 1. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the common room, kitchen. The living room should be considered. It would be good to have living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the kitchen, balcony 1, balcony 2. It would be great to have a balcony 2 . It would be great to place balcony 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The balcony 2 should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the master room. 