Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the kitchen, balcony. It would be good to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7. The kitchen connects to the bathroom, master room, common room 1, common room 2, storage, living room. I would like to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, master room, common room 2, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen, common room 1, storage, balcony. Can we have a storage ? The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. The storage connects to the kitchen, common room 2, balcony, living room. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the bathroom, master room, common room 1, common room 2, storage, living room. The living room should be considered. The living room should be around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13. 