It would be good to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at north west corner.  Can you make common room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the storage, living room, kitchen. Can we have a storage ? Place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The storage connects to the common room, living room, bathroom, balcony 2. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. It would be good to have a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the storage, master room, living room, balcony 1, balcony 2, kitchen. The balcony 1 should be considered. Can we have balcony 1 to be at north east corner.  Can we have balcony 1 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 4? The balcony 1 is private. The balcony 1 attaches to the master room, bathroom, balcony 2, kitchen. I would like to have a balcony 2 . The balcony 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 2 to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7? The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the storage, master room, bathroom, balcony 1, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the common room, living room, bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2. 