Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7?  The balcony connects to the master room, living room. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, common room 1, bathroom. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  It would be great to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the master room, bathroom, storage, kitchen. The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 1, storage, common room 2, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a storage . The storage should be at the south side of the apartment. The storage should be around 11 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The storage attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, kitchen. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, common room 2, living room. Make a living room . I would like to have living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. 