It would be good to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2? The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the living room, kitchen, master room, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4? The kitchen connects to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, entrance, common room 2. Make a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  The common room 1 should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, kitchen, entrance, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a entrance . The entrance should be at the south west corner of the apartment. The entrance should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 1. The entrance should be next to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, balcony. Make a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north west corner.  Make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the living room, kitchen, entrance, balcony. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, balcony. It would be great to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, entrance, common room 2, master room. 