The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2. Can you make a storage ? Can we have storage to be at north side.  Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7? Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen. Make a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at south east corner.  The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, storage, living room, bathroom, common room 2, kitchen. Make a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, storage, living room, common room 1, bathroom, master room. It would be great to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, master room. 