Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  The common room 1 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, dining room, kitchen. Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, dining room, kitchen. The living room should be considered. Make living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, common room 2, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 13. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, master room, balcony. The balcony should be considered. It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 9.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2. I would like to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The dining room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, dining room. 