Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, storage. I would like to have a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Can we have a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 2, storage, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, master room, kitchen, balcony. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, living room, storage. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage should be considered. It would be great to place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, living room. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4?  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2, living room. 