It would be great to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, living room, master room, bathroom. It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  The kitchen should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, dining room, living room. Can you make a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south east corner.  The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a living room . Make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony should be next to the living room, master room, bathroom. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, living room, balcony, master room. 