It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, balcony. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, master room. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, common room 2, storage. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The storage connects to the living room, bathroom. The balcony should be considered. I would like to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 11?  The balcony should be next to the living room, common room 2, master room. 