Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, common room 2. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, living room, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, living room, bathroom, kitchen, common room 3. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? Can we have a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, common room 2, living room, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, living room, bathroom, common room 3. It would be great to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 3 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 2, living room, kitchen. 