Can we have a balcony 1 ? The balcony 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony 1 attaches to the balcony 2, master room, common room, bathroom, living room. Can you make a balcony 2 ? Place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the balcony 1, master room, living room, balcony 3. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at south side.  Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room, balcony 3. I would like to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony 1, master room, bathroom, balcony 3. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the balcony 1, common room, kitchen, balcony 3. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The kitchen should be considered. It would be good to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, living room, balcony 3. It would be great to have a balcony 3 . It would be great to place balcony 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony 3 to be about 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 should be next to the balcony 2, master room, common room, bathroom, kitchen. 