Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2, storage, kitchen. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2. Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, master room, bathroom, storage, kitchen. The storage should be considered. It would be good to place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. Make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The storage attaches to the balcony, common room 2, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the balcony, common room 2, storage, living room. It would be good to have a living room . Can we have living room to be about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? 