Can we have a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The dining room attaches to the kitchen, bathroom 1, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen attaches to the dining room, bathroom 1, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom 1 . I would like to place bathroom 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 attaches to the dining room, kitchen, bathroom 2, balcony. Can you make a bathroom 2 ? It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 connects to the bathroom 1, master room, living room. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom 2, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3.  The balcony connects to the bathroom 1, master room, common room, living room. The common room should be considered. The common room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the balcony. Can we have a living room ? Can you make living room about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? 