Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at south west corner.  Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5?  The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, kitchen, living room. The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, common room 2. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the balcony, common room 1. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 3, bathroom, kitchen, living room. It would be good to have a common room 3 . It would be great to place common room 3 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 3 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the master room, bathroom. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 3, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The kitchen connects to the balcony, master room, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 1100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? 