Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 13. The kitchen connects to the bathroom 1, storage, balcony, living room. Can we have a bathroom 1 ? Place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 attaches to the kitchen, storage, master room, living room. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The storage should be next to the kitchen, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, master room, common room, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom 2 . The bathroom 2 should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The bathroom 2 is private. The bathroom 2 should be next to the storage, common room. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom 1, storage, common room, balcony, living room. It would be good to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the storage, bathroom 2, master room, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2?  The balcony connects to the kitchen, master room, common room, living room. The living room should be considered. Make living room around 900 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. 