It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, common room 1, common room 3, living room. It would be good to have a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at south east corner.  Make common room 3 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the common room 2, bathroom, living room, balcony. It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 3, kitchen, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at north east corner.  It would be good to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a living room . Can you make living room approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 13? Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 3, living room. 