I would like to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south west corner.  Can we have common room 1 to be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, master room, kitchen, dining room. Can you make a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. Can we have a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, master room, dining room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, common room 2, kitchen, dining room, bathroom, balcony. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, master room, dining room, bathroom. Can you make a dining room ? It would be good to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The dining room connects to the common room 1, living room, common room 2, master room, kitchen, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the master room, kitchen, dining room, balcony. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, dining room, bathroom. 