Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4? The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 2, dining room. Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2, dining room. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room, balcony. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. It would be good to have a living room . The living room should be around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, dining room. It would be great to have a dining room . Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The dining room connects to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2. Can you make a balcony ? Can we have balcony to be at north side.  It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room. 