I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, bathroom, storage, living room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, living room. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, master room, storage, living room. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, living room, balcony. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7.  The balcony connects to the master room, living room. 