Make a master room . Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room, bathroom 1, bathroom 2, living room. Can you make a common room ? I would like to place common room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the master room, bathroom 1. The bathroom 1 should be considered. The bathroom 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 connects to the master room, common room, bathroom 2, balcony, kitchen, entrance, living room. The bathroom 2 should be considered. I would like to place bathroom 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the master room, bathroom 1, balcony, kitchen, entrance. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, kitchen, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, balcony, entrance, living room. I would like to have a entrance . Can we have entrance to be at north east corner.  I would like to have entrance approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The entrance connects to the bathroom 1, bathroom 2, kitchen, living room. Can you make a living room ? It would be good to have living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. 