I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the living room, common room 2, dining room. The bathroom should be considered. I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, living room, common room 2, dining room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, master room, balcony. The master room should be considered. I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3? It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, dining room. It would be great to have a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Can you make dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The dining room attaches to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 2. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room. 