Can we have a entrance ? The entrance should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make entrance around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The entrance should be next to the kitchen, balcony, common room, living room, dining room. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13. The kitchen attaches to the entrance, balcony, living room, dining room. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the entrance, kitchen, common room, dining room. Can we have a common room ? Place common room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the entrance, balcony, bathroom, living room, dining room. It would be good to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room, master room, living room. It would be great to have a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, dining room. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. Make a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 15. The dining room attaches to the entrance, kitchen, balcony, common room, master room, living room. 