I would like to have a master room 1 . I would like to place master room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have master room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 should be next to the master room 2, common room, storage, bathroom, kitchen, living room. I would like to have a master room 2 . Can we have master room 2 to be at north side.  Can we have master room 2 to be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 connects to the master room 1, balcony. It would be good to have a common room . I would like to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room 1, storage, bathroom, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a storage . Place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage around 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The storage should be next to the master room 1, common room, kitchen, balcony. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the master room 1, common room. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  The kitchen should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the master room 1, common room, storage, living room. Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 4.  The balcony should be next to the master room 2, storage, living room. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. 