It would be great to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The dining room attaches to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom. The living room should be considered. Make living room about 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the living room, master room. Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the dining room, living room, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the dining room, common room 1, kitchen, bathroom. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The kitchen connects to the dining room, common room 1, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the dining room, living room, common room 1, common room 2, master room. The master room should be considered. It would be great to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom. 