Can we have a living room ? Make living room around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. Can we have a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 1. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at south west corner.  The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, bathroom, balcony, common room 1, common room 2, dining room. It would be good to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, dining room. Can we have a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, bathroom, master room, balcony, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, dining room. Make a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the master room, balcony, kitchen, dining room. Make a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at north east corner.  I would like to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The dining room attaches to the living room, master room, balcony, kitchen, common room 2. 