Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The kitchen connects to the dining room, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  I would like to have common room 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, dining room, living room. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, living room, master room, balcony. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The dining room should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, living room, bathroom. It would be great to have a living room . Can we have living room to be around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5? Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the dining room, master room. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, bathroom, balcony. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13.  The balcony should be next to the common room 2, master room. 