Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the common room 2, living room. It would be good to have a storage . Place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The storage should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the storage, living room, master room, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen, storage, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north side.  I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, master room. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 13.  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room. 