Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the common room 2, common room 3. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room about 850 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13. The kitchen connects to the common room 2, common room 3. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, living room, kitchen, master room, common room 3. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 2, common room 3, balcony. I would like to have a common room 3 . I would like to place common room 3 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 3 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, master room. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2?  The balcony should be next to the master room. 