I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, master room, kitchen. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, balcony. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, common room 2, master room. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  Can you make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, storage, balcony. I would like to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The storage attaches to the living room, common room 2, master room, balcony, kitchen. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 2, master room, storage, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14? The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 1, storage, balcony. 