Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, dining room, balcony 1, balcony 2. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room, dining room, kitchen, living room. It would be great to have a common room . The common room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the bathroom, dining room, living room, balcony 1. Make a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The dining room connects to the master room, bathroom, common room, kitchen, living room, balcony 2. Make a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, dining room, living room. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The balcony 1 should be considered. It would be great to place balcony 1 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3.  The balcony 1 should be next to the master room, common room, living room, balcony 2. Make a balcony 2 . It would be great to place balcony 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 connects to the master room, dining room, living room, balcony 1. 