I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 3, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, balcony, kitchen. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2, balcony. It would be great to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3?  The balcony attaches to the common room 2, master room, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a common room 3 . Can we have common room 3 to be at south side.  It would be good to have common room 3 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 1, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the balcony, common room 3, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The kitchen attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, living room. The living room should be considered. Make living room approx 950 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. 