The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, living room. Can you make a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, storage, balcony. Make a storage . Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The storage connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. Can we have a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, storage, balcony. I would like to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north west corner.  I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, storage, living room, balcony. The living room should be considered. I would like to have living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1?  The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. 