Can you make a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the kitchen, common room, master room, bathroom 3. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, common room, master room, bathroom 1, living room, bathroom 2, bathroom 3. I would like to have a common room . Place common room at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the balcony, kitchen, bathroom 1. Make a master room . The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, kitchen. The bathroom 1 should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom 1 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 1 attaches to the kitchen, common room, living room, bathroom 2. Make a living room . Can you make living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? Can you make a bathroom 2 ? Can we have bathroom 2 to be at north west corner.  I would like to have bathroom 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 connects to the kitchen, bathroom 1, living room, bathroom 3. Make a bathroom 3 . The bathroom 3 should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom 3 around 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The bathroom 3 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 3 should be next to the balcony, kitchen, bathroom 2. 