The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, balcony, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . I would like to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, bathroom, dining room. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony connects to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, balcony, bathroom, dining room. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2, dining room, kitchen. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 13. The dining room connects to the living room, master room, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen. I would like to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, living room, bathroom, dining room. 