It would be great to have a master room . Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, living room. It would be great to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south west corner.  Can you make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 14? The kitchen should be next to the master room, storage, balcony. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 2, storage, balcony. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, common room 1, storage, balcony. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The storage attaches to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, living room. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the storage, living room. Can we have a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 13.  The balcony should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. 