It would be great to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, living room, dining room, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, living room, dining room. Can we have a master room ? Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 2. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be good to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, dining room, balcony. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5? I would like to have a dining room . Place dining room at the south side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The dining room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen connects to the dining room. I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 2.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, living room. 