The bathroom should be considered. It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2. Can we have a living room ? It would be great to have living room about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 5. The balcony should be considered. Place balcony at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 13? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the kitchen, master room, dining room. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The kitchen should be next to the balcony, common room 1, master room, dining room. Can we have a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, kitchen, dining room, common room 2. It would be great to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, kitchen, dining room, common room 2. Can we have a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south west corner.  Can you make dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7? The dining room attaches to the living room, balcony, kitchen, common room 1, master room. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the bathroom, living room, common room 1, master room. 