Make a living room . Can you make living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7? Can you make a bathroom 1 ? It would be great to place bathroom 1 at the north side of the apartment. Make bathroom 1 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 connects to the living room, balcony, master room. I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south west corner.  Can we have balcony to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 5?  The balcony connects to the bathroom 1, master room, common room. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, bathroom 1, balcony, common room, dining room. Can you make a common room ? It would be great to place common room at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the balcony, master room, dining room. The dining room should be considered. Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Can you make dining room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11? The dining room should be next to the master room, common room, kitchen, bathroom 2. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The kitchen should be next to the living room, dining room. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . It would be good to place bathroom 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 attaches to the living room, dining room. 