It would be great to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at north side.  It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom 1, common room 2, living room, master room. It would be good to have a bathroom 1 . The bathroom 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 connects to the common room 1, kitchen, dining room, master room. It would be great to have a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, dining room. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have kitchen around 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom 1, common room 2, bathroom 2, dining room, master room. I would like to have a bathroom 2 . I would like to place bathroom 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The bathroom 2 can be used by guest. The bathroom 2 attaches to the kitchen, dining room, living room. The dining room should be considered. It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have dining room approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The dining room attaches to the bathroom 1, common room 2, kitchen, bathroom 2, living room, master room. It would be good to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, bathroom 1, kitchen, dining room, living room. 