Can we have a balcony 1 ? I would like to place balcony 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony 1 connects to the balcony 2, master room, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony 2 . I would like to place balcony 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14?  The balcony 2 attaches to the balcony 1, master room, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony 1, balcony 2, common room, living room, bathroom. Make a common room . I would like to place common room at the north east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have common room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room should be next to the master room, balcony 3, kitchen, bathroom. The balcony 3 should be considered. Place balcony 3 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony 3 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 11? The balcony 3 is private. The balcony 3 attaches to the common room, kitchen, living room, bathroom. It would be great to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the balcony 2, common room, balcony 3, living room, bathroom. The living room should be considered. Make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 11. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the balcony 1, master room, common room, balcony 3, kitchen. 