It would be great to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  Can you make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, balcony, storage. It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, storage. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  Can you make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, balcony, storage. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, master room, living room, storage. Can you make a master room ? The master room should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, balcony, storage. Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be about 21 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 7.  The balcony attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, master room, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can we have living room to be approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3? Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be around 15 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1? The storage should be next to the common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, bathroom, master room. 