It would be good to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, storage, living room, bathroom. Make a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5?  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. Make a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the balcony, storage, kitchen. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  I would like to have storage around 16 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13. The storage should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, living room. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the balcony, storage, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . Make living room about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 8. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, living room, kitchen. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, common room 2, living room, bathroom. 