Can we have a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  It would be great to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, master room, living room, entrance, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, living room, entrance, bathroom. Can we have a master room ? The master room should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, living room, entrance, bathroom, balcony. The living room should be considered. It would be great to have living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. Can we have a entrance ? Can we have entrance to be at south side.  I would like to have entrance around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The entrance should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the kitchen. It would be good to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, entrance. It would be great to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the kitchen, master room, living room. 