Can you make a dining room ? Place dining room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The dining room should be next to the kitchen, master room, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen connects to the dining room, bathroom, master room, living room, balcony. Make a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, living room. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, master room, living room. Make a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the dining room, kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9? It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, balcony. Can we have a balcony ? Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9.  The balcony should be next to the kitchen, living room, common room 2. 