It would be good to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, common room 2. Make a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, living room. The master room should be considered. Place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, living room. Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? Make a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 4. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 2, storage. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the common room 1, master room, balcony, storage. It would be great to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the north side of the apartment. Can you make storage around 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13? The storage connects to the balcony, common room 2. 