I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south side.  I would like to have master room approx 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, balcony, kitchen. Can you make a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the living room, common room 1, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, master room, bathroom, balcony. Can we have a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, bathroom, kitchen, dining room. The balcony should be considered. The balcony should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1. The kitchen should be considered. Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  It would be good to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3. The kitchen should be next to the living room, master room, common room 2, dining room. Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Make dining room around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 1. The dining room connects to the living room, common room 2, kitchen. 