The dining room should be considered. Place dining room at the south west corner of the apartment. The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The dining room should be next to the kitchen, master room, living room. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen should be next to the dining room, bathroom, master room, living room, balcony. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south side.  I would like to have bathroom about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  I would like to have common room 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the bathroom, master room, living room. I would like to have a master room . Can we have master room to be at north east corner.  The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the dining room, kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2. It would be great to have a living room . I would like to have living room about 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. Can you make a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 5?  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, living room, common room 2. 