Make a living room . Can you make living room around 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The kitchen attaches to the living room, bathroom, balcony. Make a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the kitchen, common room 2, storage. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the common room 2, storage. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south side.  It would be good to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, master room. Can we have a storage ? Place storage at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have storage approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The storage should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, master room. It would be good to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, storage, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony attaches to the living room, kitchen, master room. 