Can you make a master room ? Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2, dining room. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 7? It would be great to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, living room, dining room, common room, kitchen. Make a balcony 1 . The balcony 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. The balcony 1 should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony 1 connects to the master room, living room, common room. The balcony 2 should be considered. It would be good to place balcony 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony 2 around 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The balcony 2 is private. The balcony 2 attaches to the master room, dining room, common room, kitchen. Can we have a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The dining room attaches to the master room, living room, bathroom, balcony 2, common room, kitchen. Can we have a common room ? I would like to place common room at the north side of the apartment. The common room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room connects to the living room, bathroom, balcony 1, balcony 2, dining room. The kitchen should be considered. It would be great to place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom, balcony 2, dining room. 