I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the living room, common room 1, dining room, kitchen. It would be great to have a living room . The living room should be approx 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. It would be good to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have master room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, common room 2, balcony. The common room 1 should be considered. Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, dining room, kitchen. Can you make a common room 2 ? Can we have common room 2 to be at north side.  The common room 2 should be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, master room, balcony, dining room, kitchen. Make a balcony . The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 18 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 1.  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 2, balcony. The dining room should be considered. I would like to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. Make dining room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The dining room should be next to the bathroom, living room, common room 1, common room 2, kitchen. Can you make a kitchen ? Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  Can we have kitchen to be approx 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 1? The kitchen connects to the bathroom, common room 1, common room 2, dining room. 