I would like to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, common room 2, balcony. Make a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 5. It would be good to have a common room 2 . Can we have common room 2 to be at south west corner.  It would be great to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, living room, common room 3, balcony. Can you make a common room 3 ? I would like to place common room 3 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 3 should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 connects to the living room, common room 2, balcony, master room, bathroom. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 1. The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, common room 2, common room 3, master room, bathroom. I would like to have a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 3, balcony, bathroom. It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 3, balcony, master room. Can you make a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? The kitchen should be next to the living room. 