It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south side.  The kitchen should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The kitchen connects to the common room 1, master room, living room, entrance, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a common room 1 . I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 1 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the kitchen, living room, entrance, bathroom. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the kitchen, living room, entrance, bathroom, balcony. The living room should be considered. Make living room about 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 5. Make a entrance . Can we have entrance to be at south side.  Make entrance around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 12. The entrance should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, master room, living room, bathroom. Can you make a common room 2 ? It would be great to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the kitchen. Make a bathroom . Can we have bathroom to be at south west corner.  I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom should be next to the common room 1, master room, entrance. It would be great to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the kitchen, master room, living room. 