I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can we have master room to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the common room 1, living room, balcony, common room 2, storage. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, living room, balcony, storage. Make a living room . The living room should be about 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. Can we have a balcony ? I would like to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2, bathroom, kitchen. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, balcony. It would be great to have a storage . I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. The storage should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 4. The storage connects to the master room, common room 1. The bathroom should be considered. The bathroom should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the balcony, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The kitchen should be next to the balcony, bathroom. 