Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the living room, storage, master room, balcony. Make a living room . Can we have living room to be approx 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? It would be great to have a storage . Place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10? The storage attaches to the common room 1, living room, master room, common room 2. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at south side.  The master room should be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, living room, storage, balcony. It would be great to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room. Can we have a common room 2 ? I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the storage, kitchen. It would be great to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The kitchen attaches to the living room, common room 2, bathroom. Can we have a bathroom ? Place bathroom at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen. 