Can you make a living room ? I would like to have living room approx 350 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8. I would like to have a kitchen . I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Make kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The kitchen should be next to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, dining room, bathroom. It would be great to have a common room 1 . Can we have common room 1 to be at south side.  I would like to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, common room 2, dining room, master room. Can you make a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, common room 1, dining room. Can we have a dining room ? It would be great to place dining room at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The dining room connects to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom. Can you make a bathroom ? It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, kitchen, dining room, master room. Make a master room . I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. The balcony should be considered. Can we have balcony to be at north side.  I would like to have balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5.  The balcony connects to the living room, master room. 