Make a master room . Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room around 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1? Make a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south side.  Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the master room, living room. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, living room, kitchen, common room 1, dining room, common room 2. Can you make a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 12. The kitchen connects to the living room, bathroom, dining room. It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, bathroom, common room 2. I would like to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The dining room should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The dining room connects to the living room, bathroom, kitchen, common room 2. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, dining room. 