I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 11. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15? The kitchen connects to the common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, master room, dining room. Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be good to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the living room, kitchen, common room 2, balcony, dining room. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, bathroom, balcony, dining room. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, kitchen, common room 2, master room, balcony, dining room. Make a master room . It would be good to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, kitchen, bathroom, balcony, dining room. It would be great to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north east corner.  Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 13?  The balcony should be next to the living room, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, master room. Make a dining room . It would be good to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The dining room attaches to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, common room 2, bathroom, master room. 