The common room 1 should be considered. The common room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, living room, balcony, bathroom, dining room. Can we have a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 10? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, living room, balcony, bathroom, common room 2. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room approx 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? Make a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north east corner.  Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 1. The kitchen connects to the common room 2, dining room. Can you make a common room 2 ? The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the master room, living room, balcony, kitchen, dining room. Can we have a dining room ? Can we have dining room to be at south side.  Can we have dining room to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The dining room should be next to the common room 1, living room, kitchen, common room 2. 