The common room 1 should be considered. Can we have common room 1 to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the balcony, living room, dining room, bathroom. It would be good to have a master room . Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the balcony, dining room, bathroom. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, common room 2, dining room. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen connects to the balcony, common room 2, living room, dining room, bathroom. Make a common room 2 . Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 2 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, kitchen, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a living room . The living room should be around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 9. Can we have a dining room ? The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The dining room connects to the common room 1, master room, balcony, kitchen, living room, bathroom. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, master room, kitchen, common room 2, living room, dining room. 