The master room should be considered. Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Make master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony. Can we have a bathroom ? The bathroom should be at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2. It would be great to have a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the master room, bathroom, balcony. I would like to have a balcony . The balcony should be at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be good to have balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 5.  The balcony connects to the master room, common room 1, living room, dining room. I would like to have a living room . It would be good to have living room approx 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 2 should be considered. I would like to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, living room, dining room. Make a dining room . It would be great to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. The dining room should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8. The dining room connects to the balcony, living room, common room 2, kitchen. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the living room, dining room. 