It would be good to have a master room . It would be great to place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, balcony, common room 2, storage. The kitchen should be considered. I would like to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 1. The living room should be considered. Make living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, kitchen, common room 2. The common room 1 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, kitchen, balcony. It would be good to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 2.  The balcony should be next to the master room, living room, common room 1. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. The common room 2 should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 14. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, bathroom, storage. I would like to have a storage . Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The storage attaches to the master room, common room 2. 