The living room should be considered. Can you make living room around 400 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? I would like to have a kitchen . It would be great to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The kitchen attaches to the living room, bathroom. Can you make a common room 1 ? Can we have common room 1 to be at north east corner.  It would be great to have common room 1 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, common room 2, bathroom. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at north side.  Make storage around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage should be next to the master room, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . I would like to place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the storage, balcony, common room 2. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 16. The balcony is private. The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, common room 1, storage, master room, balcony. The bathroom should be considered. Can we have bathroom to be at south east corner.  The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the living room, kitchen, common room 1. 