Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room around 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 4. The bathroom should be considered. It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The bathroom is private. The bathroom attaches to the dining room, kitchen, master room, entrance. Make a common room 1 . It would be good to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the dining room, kitchen, common room 2, master room, entrance. I would like to have a dining room . I would like to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. The dining room should be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 13. The dining room should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2, master room, entrance. The kitchen should be considered. The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8? The kitchen should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, dining room, common room 2, entrance. Can we have a common room 2 ? Place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, common room 1, dining room, kitchen. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, dining room, entrance. I would like to have a entrance . Place entrance at the south side of the apartment. The entrance should be approx 18 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5. The entrance should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, dining room, kitchen, master room. 