Can we have a common room ? It would be good to place common room at the south side of the apartment. Make common room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the living room, bathroom 2, dining room. Can we have a bathroom 1 ? It would be good to place bathroom 1 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 1 around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 9. The bathroom 1 can be used by guest. The bathroom 1 connects to the living room, bathroom 2. Can we have a kitchen ? I would like to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 15. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, living room, bathroom 2, dining room. Make a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 5? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony. Can you make a balcony ? It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 1.  The balcony attaches to the kitchen, master room, living room. I would like to have a living room . Can you make living room around 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4? I would like to have a bathroom 2 . It would be great to place bathroom 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom 2 approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The bathroom 2 is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom 2 attaches to the common room, bathroom 1, kitchen, living room, dining room. It would be good to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have dining room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The dining room should be next to the common room, kitchen, living room, bathroom 2. 