I would like to have a living room . Make living room about 800 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 3?  The balcony should be next to the living room, common room 2, master room. Make a storage . The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. The storage should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 11. The storage should be next to the kitchen, bathroom, common room 1, common room 2. It would be great to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Can we have kitchen to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The kitchen should be next to the storage, bathroom. Make a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the storage, kitchen, common room 1. It would be good to have a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the living room, storage, bathroom, common room 2, master room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 8? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the balcony, storage, common room 1, master room. The master room should be considered. The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the balcony, common room 1, common room 2. 