I would like to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 14.  The balcony attaches to the living room, master room, common room 1, kitchen. I would like to have a living room . Make living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 7. The master room should be considered. It would be good to place master room at the south side of the apartment. Can you make master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the balcony, living room, dining room, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, living room, dining room, bathroom, kitchen. Can we have a dining room ? The dining room should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can we have dining room to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 7? The dining room attaches to the living room, master room, common room 1, kitchen, common room 2. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be good to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6? The bathroom is private. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 1, kitchen. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8. The kitchen attaches to the balcony, living room, master room, common room 1, dining room, bathroom. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at north east corner.  I would like to have common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 attaches to the living room, dining room. 