Can you make a living room ? Can you make living room about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? Make a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 6. The bathroom is in an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom connects to the master room, common room 2, entrance. Can we have a kitchen ? It would be good to place kitchen at the south east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The kitchen should be next to the entrance. I would like to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. I would like to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3.  The balcony connects to the living room, common room 1, master room. Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make common room 1 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the balcony, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a master room . Place master room at the north west corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the living room, bathroom, balcony, common room 1, common room 2. It would be great to have a common room 2 . I would like to place common room 2 at the south west corner of the apartment. The common room 2 should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the living room, bathroom, common room 1, master room, entrance. The entrance should be considered. The entrance should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make entrance about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 8? The entrance should be next to the living room, bathroom, kitchen, common room 2. 