Make a common room 1 . It would be great to place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the common room 2, bathroom, living room. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, balcony, master room, bathroom, kitchen, storage, living room. It would be good to have a balcony . Can we have balcony to be at south east corner.  The balcony should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 2, master room. Can you make a master room ? It would be great to place master room at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . Place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, storage, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . It would be good to place kitchen at the north side of the apartment. The kitchen should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. The kitchen connects to the common room 2, storage. Can we have a storage ? The storage should be at the north side of the apartment. Make storage approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage attaches to the common room 2, bathroom, kitchen. The living room should be considered. Can we have living room to be about 600 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? 