The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have bathroom approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, common room 2, dining room. Can we have a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 2. Make a master room . Place master room at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, common room 2. The common room 2 should be considered. Can we have common room 2 to be at south east corner.  It would be great to have common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, common room 1, master room, dining room. I would like to have a entrance . The entrance should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have entrance about 23 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The entrance should be next to the dining room, kitchen. It would be good to have a dining room . The dining room should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make dining room about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 7? The dining room connects to the bathroom, common room 2, entrance, living room, kitchen. Can we have a living room ? I would like to have living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 3. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south west corner of the apartment. The kitchen should be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The kitchen should be next to the entrance, dining room. 