The living room should be considered. Can you make living room around 450 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 7? It would be good to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 16? The kitchen connects to the living room, bathroom, dining room, entrance. Can you make a bathroom ? Can we have bathroom to be at north east corner.  It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 14. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the kitchen, master room 1, master room 2, entrance. It would be good to have a master room 1 . Place master room 1 at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make master room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11? The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 should be next to the living room, bathroom, dining room, storage, entrance. Can you make a dining room ? I would like to place dining room at the north side of the apartment. Make dining room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11. The dining room attaches to the living room, kitchen, master room 1, master room 2, storage, entrance. The master room 2 should be considered. Place master room 2 at the north west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room 2 to be around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 5? The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 connects to the bathroom, dining room, storage, entrance. Can you make a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have storage to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5? The storage should be next to the master room 1, dining room, master room 2. I would like to have a entrance . Can we have entrance to be at north side.  I would like to have entrance about 20 sqft with the aspect ratio of 4 over 9. The entrance attaches to the living room, kitchen, bathroom, master room 1, dining room, master room 2. 