It would be good to have a living room . Make living room around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. The bathroom should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the living room, kitchen, common room 2. It would be good to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at north side.  Make kitchen around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The kitchen should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, master room, balcony. Can you make a common room 1 ? The common room 1 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. The common room 1 should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 9. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 should be next to the kitchen, storage, common room 2. Can we have a storage ? It would be great to place storage at the north east corner of the apartment. The storage should be around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 7. The storage attaches to the living room, kitchen, common room 1, master room, common room 2. Make a master room . The master room should be at the south east corner of the apartment. The master room should be approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 13. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the kitchen, storage, common room 2, balcony. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 10. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, common room 1, storage, master room, balcony. Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2?  The balcony connects to the living room, kitchen, master room, common room 2. 