I would like to have a common room . Can we have common room to be at south side.  The common room should be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 4. The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the kitchen. Can we have a balcony ? It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the master room 1, master room 2. Can we have a master room 1 ? The master room 1 should be at the north side of the apartment. Make master room 1 approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11. The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 attaches to the balcony, master room 2, bathroom, living room. It would be great to have a master room 2 . It would be great to place master room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can you make master room 2 about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1? The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 should be next to the balcony, master room 1, bathroom, storage, living room. It would be good to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the master room 1, master room 2, storage. Can we have a storage ? I would like to place storage at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2. The storage connects to the master room 2, bathroom. It would be good to have a living room . It would be great to have living room approx 650 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 15. Can you make a kitchen ? It would be great to place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 9? The kitchen should be next to the common room, living room. 