The master room should be considered. Place master room at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room to be about 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, common room 2, balcony. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 16. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room, living room, common room 1, common room 2, dining room. It would be good to have a living room . Make living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. Can you make a common room 1 ? It would be great to place common room 1 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 1 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 4. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, living room, common room 2, balcony, kitchen. The common room 2 should be considered. Place common room 2 at the north east corner of the apartment. I would like to have common room 2 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 11. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the master room, bathroom, living room, common room 1, kitchen, dining room. It would be great to have a balcony . It would be good to place balcony at the north west corner of the apartment. I would like to have balcony about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 7.  The balcony connects to the master room, living room, common room 1. Can we have a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the north east corner of the apartment. Make kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, common room 2, dining room. Make a dining room . Can we have dining room to be at north side.  The dining room should be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The dining room should be next to the bathroom, living room, common room 2, kitchen. 