I would like to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 5. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room, kitchen. The common room 1 should be considered. I would like to place common room 1 at the north west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 1 approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 connects to the bathroom, master room, balcony, living room. The master room should be considered. Can we have master room to be at north side.  It would be good to have master room around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room connects to the bathroom, common room 1, balcony, common room 2, living room. I would like to have a balcony . I would like to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Can you make balcony approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 3? The balcony is private. The balcony connects to the common room 1, master room, common room 2. I would like to have a common room 2 . It would be great to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. It would be good to have common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 2 over 3. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, master room, balcony. Can you make a living room ? The living room should be around 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 6. It would be great to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  Can we have kitchen to be around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 8? The kitchen attaches to the bathroom, storage. Make a storage . Place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. Make storage about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The storage should be next to the living room, kitchen. 