Make a common room 1 . Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 9? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, kitchen, storage. I would like to have a bathroom . I would like to place bathroom at the south west corner of the apartment. It would be good to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 11. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom connects to the common room 1, kitchen, master room, living room. I would like to have a kitchen . Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 13? The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony, common room 2, storage. Can you make a master room ? I would like to place master room at the north side of the apartment. It would be good to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 16 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room attaches to the bathroom, balcony, common room 2. Can you make a balcony ? The balcony should be at the north side of the apartment. Can we have balcony to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 14 over 5?  The balcony should be next to the kitchen, master room, storage, living room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 6 over 5. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the kitchen, master room, storage, living room. I would like to have a storage . Can we have storage to be at south side.  It would be good to have storage about 24 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 11. The storage attaches to the common room 1, kitchen, balcony, common room 2. Make a living room . I would like to have living room approx 700 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. 