Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at north side.  I would like to have master room approx 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the bathroom, balcony, kitchen, living room, entrance. Can we have a bathroom ? I would like to place bathroom at the north side of the apartment. Can we have bathroom to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 2? The bathroom is private. The bathroom should be next to the master room, common room 1, common room 2, entrance. Can you make a common room 1 ? I would like to place common room 1 at the south side of the apartment. Make common room 1 approx 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the bathroom, balcony, kitchen, living room, entrance. It would be great to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the south west corner of the apartment. Can you make balcony about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 4?  The balcony attaches to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2, entrance. It would be great to have a kitchen . Can we have kitchen to be at south east corner.  Make kitchen approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 8. The kitchen connects to the master room, common room 1, living room, common room 2, entrance. Make a living room . Make living room about 300 sqft with the aspect ratio of 12 over 7. It would be great to have a common room 2 . The common room 2 should be at the north east corner of the apartment. Can you make common room 2 around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the bathroom, balcony, kitchen, living room, entrance. The entrance should be considered. Place entrance at the north side of the apartment. The entrance should be approx 12 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 3. The entrance connects to the master room, bathroom, common room 1, balcony, kitchen, living room, common room 2. 