Make a common room 1 . The common room 1 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 1 around 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13. The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the master room, common room 3, kitchen. The common room 2 should be considered. It would be good to place common room 2 at the south east corner of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 should be next to the bathroom, living room. The bathroom should be considered. Place bathroom at the north east corner of the apartment. The bathroom should be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 9. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom should be next to the common room 2, master room, living room. I would like to have a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. Make balcony around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 7 over 2.  The balcony should be next to the master room, common room 3. Can you make a master room ? Can we have master room to be at north side.  Can we have master room to be about 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 16? The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, balcony. It would be good to have a common room 3 . The common room 3 should be at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have common room 3 around 200 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 11. The common room 3 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 3 should be next to the common room 1, balcony. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room about 750 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 11? It would be great to have a kitchen . The kitchen should be at the south west corner of the apartment. Make kitchen approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 3 over 2. The kitchen attaches to the common room 1, living room. 