Make a master room 1 . Place master room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have master room 1 to be about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 12? The master room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 1 should be next to the bathroom, common room, living room, storage. I would like to have a bathroom . It would be great to place bathroom at the south side of the apartment. Make bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the master room 1. Can we have a common room ? The common room should be at the south side of the apartment. Can you make common room approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 10? The common room should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room attaches to the master room 1, master room 2, balcony, kitchen. Can we have a master room 2 ? It would be good to place master room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Can we have master room 2 to be approx 250 sqft with the aspect ratio of 10 over 11? The master room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room 2 should be next to the common room, balcony. The living room should be considered. Can you make living room around 500 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 16? Make a balcony . It would be great to place balcony at the north side of the apartment. It would be great to have balcony approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 7. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room, master room 2, living room, storage. Can we have a kitchen ? The kitchen should be at the south east corner of the apartment. Can we have kitchen to be about 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 8 over 9? The kitchen attaches to the common room, storage. The storage should be considered. I would like to place storage at the south east corner of the apartment. It would be great to have storage about 14 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. The storage attaches to the master room 1, living room, balcony, kitchen. 