Can we have a entrance ? Can we have entrance to be at south east corner.  Can we have entrance to be approx 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 11 over 13? The entrance connects to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. Can you make a kitchen ? Place kitchen at the south side of the apartment. I would like to have kitchen about 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 7. The kitchen should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, living room. Can you make a common room 1 ? Place common room 1 at the south west corner of the apartment. Can we have common room 1 to be approx 100 sqft with the aspect ratio of 9 over 8? The common room 1 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 1 attaches to the entrance, kitchen, master room, bathroom, common room 2, living room, balcony. Make a master room . Can we have master room to be at north west corner.  It would be good to have master room around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 15. The master room should have an en-suite bathroom. The master room should be next to the common room 1, bathroom, common room 2, living room, balcony. It would be great to have a bathroom . The bathroom should be at the south side of the apartment. It would be great to have bathroom around 50 sqft with the aspect ratio of 15 over 8. The bathroom can be used by guest. The bathroom attaches to the entrance, kitchen, common room 1, master room. It would be good to have a common room 2 . It would be good to place common room 2 at the north side of the apartment. Make common room 2 about 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 5 over 6. The common room 2 should have an en-suite bathroom. The common room 2 connects to the common room 1, master room, balcony. Can we have a living room ? Make living room about 550 sqft with the aspect ratio of 1 over 1. I would like to have a balcony . Place balcony at the north side of the apartment. The balcony should be around 150 sqft with the aspect ratio of 13 over 3. The balcony is private. The balcony attaches to the common room 1, master room, common room 2, living room. 